job_title,company,description,date_posted,location,remote,salary,job_url
"Sr. Business Intelligence Engineer, SMB Marketing Analytics",Amazon,"Description Does designing, building and maintaining enterprise level analytics and data infrastructure excite you? SMB Marketing Analytics team has an opportunity for you. Amazon Advertising operates at the intersection of e commerce and advertising, offering a rich array of digital advertising solutions with the goal of helping our customers find and discover anything they want to buy. We help advertisers reach Amazon customers on Amazon owned and operated sites and on other high quality sites across the web. We start with the customer and work backwards in everything we do, including advertising. We are highly motivated, collaborative, and fun loving team with an entrepreneurial spirit (“it’s always Day1”) and bias for action. SMB Marketing Analytics team supports SMB Marketing team in delivering highly relevant and personalized marketing content to majority of current and prospective advertisers. In this role, you will work with 10+ highly motivated team members and will be responsible for designing, building and maintaining data infrastructure, creating automated reporting and dashboards, designing and measuring experiments, and executing complex analysis to support business functions. In This Role You Will Design, develop and maintain scaled, automated, user friendly systems, reports, APIs, dashboards, etc. that will support our business needs. Partner with operations/business/science/tech teams to consult, develop and implement KPIs, automated reporting/process solutions, and data infrastructure improvements to meet business needs. Help drive new initiatives and data integration projects and apply your deep analytic and business intelligence skills to extract meaningful insight and learning from large and complicated data sets. Serve as liaison between the business and product/science teams to prototype new marketing solutions and perform ad hoc investigations into future improvements or innovations. This will require data gathering and manipulation, synthesis and modeling, problem solving, and communication of insights and recommendations Key job responsibilities Own the design, development, and maintenance of datasets, ongoing metrics, analyses and dashboards to drive key business decisions. Develop queries and visualizations for ad hoc requests and projects, as well as ongoing reporting. Continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, automating or simplifying self service support for customers. Use analytical and statistical rigor to identify performance gaps and opportunities for optimization. Build data infrastructure in collaboration with partner tech teams to facilitate scaling up various marketing initiatives. Support central BI team in reporting on global marketing efforts. Promote best practices in ETL and mentor your team. A day in the life Use technical expertise to suggest ways to improve processes and incorporate operational excellence best practices Use analytical and statistical rigor to answer business questions and drive business decisions Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, design, analysis, validation, and documentation Improve the Knowledge management environment by providing guidance in technical documentation Basic Qualifications 8+ years of professional or military experience 5+ years of SQL experience Experience programming to extract, transform and clean large (multi TB) data sets Experience in scripting for automation (e.g. Python) and advanced SQL skills. Experience in the data/BI space Preferred Qualifications Experience working directly with business stakeholders to translate between data and business needs Experience managing, analyzing and communicating results to senior leadership Experience with statistical analytics and programming languages such as R, Python, Ruby, etc. Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $117,300/year in our lowest geographic market up to $202,800/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site. Company Amazon.com Services LLC Job ID: A2827029 show less",2025-01-08 11:17:35.169301,"Seattle, WA",Onsite,"$117.3K/yr - $202.8K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4074709044/
"Director, Marketing Analytics & Measurement",Ovative Group,"About Ovative Group Ovative Group is the premier independent media and measurement firm in the United States. We help trailblazers in fast growing, customer centric organizations across industries reinvent their marketing and measurement programs. We leverage our media, measurement, and consulting capabilities to help brands like Domino’s, Facebook, The Home Depot, CVS, Disney, and UnitedHealth Group transform their media and marketing programs. Our proprietary approach to measuring and optimizing marketing investment decisions, Enterprise Marketing Return (EMR), is disrupting the industry and setting the gold standard for customer and marketing strategy, activation, and measurement. Recognized eight consecutive years on Star Tribune’s list of Top 150 Workplaces and five years on Inc. 5000’s list of the fastest growing private companies in America, we pride ourselves in always overdelivering for our clients, our teams, and our communities. About The Role Ovative’s company vision is to “Transform the measure of marketing success” and the Measurement Solutions team is a critical driver of our differentiation and success. The Measurement Solutions team is responsible for turning data into action for our clients. We help to simplify the complexities of Marketing Measurement and provide our clients with the confidence to make decisions that drive real impact to their business. In this role, you’ll drive the measurement strategy and execution for a portfolio of clients. You’ll lead a team of measurement experts responsible for developing measurement strategies, managing data processes, implementing MMM and MTA solutions, leading testing & experimentation, generating standard and ad hoc reporting, and performing analyses leading to insights and action. Your team will leverage a mix of Ovative propriety tech through our EMRge solution, as well as, best in class 3rd party tools and solutions to meet your client’s needs. You’ll partner closely with internal Data Science, Client Services, Media Activation, and Product teams, and you’ll interact directly with key client stakeholders, ranging from C level executives to functional operators across media, finance and analytics functions. This role has the opportunity to drive significant value for Ovative and our clients. You’ll be at the forefront of a rapidly evolving industry, facing challenging problems, and surrounded by a world class team. If you thrive in a fast paced environment that requires innovative and structured thinking and problem solving, this role will be a great fit. Responsibilities Team Leadership & Empowering Others: Lead, manage, and develop multiple teams of high performing marketing measurement experts Manage and develop individual team leaders, supporting career growth and individual success Partner with other Measurement Solutions leaders to drive the direction, vision, roadmap, and execution of the Measurement Solutions team strategy Define and drive strategy across team structure, roles, development, and clients Work across internal Ovative teams to move roadblocks, figure out new solutions, and find ways to achieve Ovative goals working together Lead efforts to grow and evolve our Measurement skills, knowledge, toolset, product offerings, and culture Client Engagement: Work with leadership (client and internal) to review services, identifying areas for improvement and altering strategies and scope Show up as senior measurement leader during crucial client moments to support the team and help guide everyone to successful outcomes Provide business development support, assisting with strategy/messaging and liaising with prospective clients to refine scopes of work Thought Leadership: Address complex, open ended analytics requests in a structured manner (often by working with your teams and other Ovative partners or clients) Identify & focus on what matters most to move the client's business forward Lead efforts to grow and evolve our consulting & advisory skills to drive project based expansions with new and existing clients Subject matter expertise: Develop deep understanding of marketing measurement technology and how it impacts data/analytics/clients business Connect client data/business trends and tell a compelling story to clients and other partners in order to provide clarity and help leaders understand business Help connect the measurement work Ovative does to our clients business models, goals, and challenges Ovative Leadership: Join the extended Leadership Team at Ovative: participate in several monthly leadership forums focused on team, business, client, and strategic initiatives; regularly interact with the founder and CEO on important efforts to strengthen and grow Ovative Engage in and lead strategic internal initiatives across Ovative, bringing forward subject matter expertise and structured problem solving approaches to build foundation for growth Support Ovative’s own strategy development and strategic planning process, along with the Measurement team’s strategy Requirements & Skills Needed 7 10 years of experience working with clients (internal or external) 3+ years experience managing team(s) of 5+ size Experience within marketing industry (digital marketing preferred) Experience working with MMM/MTA marketing models Experience with designing and reading media tests & experiments Experience managing large data sets and summarizing in useful reporting views Excellent communicator & collaborator between multiple stakeholders & partners Experience communicating and partnering with executive leaders (Directors, VPs, CMOs, CFOs, etc) Must be able to thrive working in ambiguous situations Action oriented, self driven hunger to take immediate action and make decisions quickly Prefer experience working with web analytics data, such as digital marketing analytics software (Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, ViQ, etc) Prefer experience connecting complex marketing data & situations into tangible actions to progress initiatives forward Pay Transparency At Ovative, we offer a transparent view into three core components of your total compensation package: Base Salary, Annual Bonus, and Benefits. The salary range for this position below is inclusive of an annual bonus. Actual offers are made with consideration for relevant experience and anticipated impact. Additional benefits information is provided below. For our Director positions, our compensation ranges from $123,000 to $228,000, which is inclusive of a 30% bonus. Benefits Of Working At Ovative Group We provide strong, competitive, holistic benefits that understand the importance of your life inside and out of work. Culture Culture matters and we’ve been recognized as a Top Workplace for eight years running because of it. We demand trust and transparency from each other. We believe in doing the hard and complicated work others put off. We’re open in communication and floor plan. We’re flat – our interns sit next to VPs, our analysts work closely with senior leaders, and our CEO interacts with every single person daily. Put together, these elements help foster an environment where smart people can support each other in performing to their highest potential. Compensation and Insurance We strive to hire and retain the best talent. Paying fair, competitive compensation, with a large bonus incentive, and phenomenal health insurance is an important part of this mix. We’re rewarded fairly and when the company performs well, we all benefit. Tangible amenities we enjoy Access to all office spaces in MSP, NYC, and CHI Frequent, paid travel to our Minneapolis headquarters for company events, team events, and in person collaboration with teams. Flexible paid vacation policy 401k match program Top notch health insurance options Monthly stipend for your mobile phone and data plan Sabbatical program Charitable giving via our time and a financial match program Shenanigan’s Day Working at Ovative won’t be easy, but if you like getting your hands dirty, driving results, and being surrounded by the best talent, it’ll be the most rewarding job you’ll ever have. If you think you can make us better, we want to hear from you! show less",,"Denver, CO",Onsite,"$123K/yr - $228K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4085647700/
"Marketing Analytics Lead, Amazon Music DISCO",Amazon Music,"Description Amazon Music is an immersive audio entertainment service that deepens connections between fans, artists, and creators. From personalized music playlists to exclusive podcasts, concert livestreams to artist merch, Amazon Music is innovating at some of the most exciting intersections of music and culture. We offer experiences that serve all listeners with our different tiers of service: Prime members get access to all the music in shuffle mode, and top ad free podcasts, included with their membership; customers can upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited for unlimited, on demand access to 100 million songs, including millions in HD, Ultra HD, and spatial audio; and anyone can listen for free by downloading the Amazon Music app or via Alexa enabled devices. Join us for the opportunity to influence how Amazon Music engages fans, artists, and creators on a global scale. Learn more at https://www.amazon.com/music. In this role, you will contribute to the analytics and insights efforts for paid marketing for Amazon Music. You will develop the analytics roadmap and direction for the project, working closely with marketing stakeholders and other Amazon partners to deliver self service solutions, insights, learning white papers and models to advance our analytics and science offerings. You will also be part of a full stacked team of business intelligence engineers, data engineers, and scientist whom you will be able to collaborate with and learn from. The ideal candidate must be willing to effectively contribute to analytics solutions, prioritize across multiple stakeholders and projects and be ready to jump into a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment. Key job responsibilities Lead analytics and insights efforts for Amazon Music Engagement Marketing domain Work as the internal lead analytics consultant for marketing teams and collaborate on long term strategy together Define and deliver reporting and visualization that supports the analytical needs of internal business leaders Drive self service solutions for senior business stakeholders informing marketing investment decisions Use analytical insights to help increase business and teams effectiveness against key strategic goals Build a thorough understanding of the streaming music industry, the subscription business model, and key internal partners across Prime, Amazon devices, media and entertainment businesses Partner with analytics and science teams across Amazon entertainment and subscription businesses Educate and evangelize across internal teams on analytics, insights and measurement by writing whitepapers and knowledge documentation and delivering learning sessions About The Team The Data, Insights, Science and Optimization, Marketing & Growth (DISCO M&G) team is looking for a Senior Analytics Lead to join a team of Data Scientists, Analytics Leads, Business Intelligence Engineers and Data Engineers who analyze big data, provide analytics and insights as well as build models and algorithms that power “hands off the wheel” (HOTW) marketing for personalized experiences. DISCO M&G team focuses on accelerating Amazon Music customer growth by empowering Marketing & Growth teams to make sound, customer centric decisions through data and insights. We build data pipelines, self service analytics, insights and predictive models enabling acquisition, engagement and retention at scale with personalized customer touchpoints. Basic Qualifications 5+ years of professional or military experience 5+ years of SQL experience Experience programming to extract, transform and clean large (multi TB) data sets Experience with theory and practice of design of experiments and statistical analysis of results Experience with AWS technologies Experience in scripting for automation (e.g. Python) and advanced SQL skills. Experience with theory and practice of information retrieval, data science, machine learning and data mining Preferred Qualifications Experience working directly with business stakeholders to translate between data and business needs Experience managing, analyzing and communicating results to senior leadership Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Los Angeles County applicants: Job duties for this position include: work safely and cooperatively with other employees, supervisors, and staff; adhere to standards of excellence despite stressful conditions; communicate effectively and respectfully with employees, supervisors, and staff to ensure exceptional customer service; and follow all federal, state, and local laws and Company policies. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully with others, exhibit trustworthiness and professionalism, and safeguard business operations and the Company’s reputation. Pursuant to the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how we hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner. Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $117,300/year in our lowest geographic market up to $202,800/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site. Company Amazon.com Services LLC Job ID: A2840891 show less",,"Seattle, WA",Search Engine Marketing (SEM) Lead - Remote with verification,"$117.3K/yr - $202.8K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4086173828/
Vice President Marketing Analytics and Data Science,BrainWorks,"We are seeking a Vice President, Marketing Analytics and Data Science for a progressive cutting edge client located in Minnesota. This role will provide executive leadership through strong knowledge of digital marketing, data science and measurement. The ideal candidate will be a tenured Vice President possessing the ability to create solutions, internally and with clients. This includes a solid foundation of knowledge in media measurement/modeling, Google Analytics, database marketing principles and statistical modeling. Extra points for a wealth of curiosity, passion, and motivation. This role will be located in Minneapolis, Minnesota and have three days a week hybrid office hours. Prior agency experience is preferred. Relocation assistance is available. WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING Partner with internal stakeholders and clients to design, implement, and execute measurement solutions that improve media program, website, and marketing program performance. Lead statistical/database marketing efforts as financial analysis and statement efforts. Lead executive level conversations to recommend and advise the best approach and evaluate results. Provide actionable business insights through analyzation of complex, high dimensionality data. Develop a vision to grow the analytics capability for existing and new clients. Manage, support, and mentor a team of analysts with expertise in marketing performance analysis, dashboarding, website analytics, customer segmentation, financial analysis, ROI modeling, lifetime value analysis, cross channel analysis, and media mix analysis. Recommend KPIs and establish measurement processes for media plans, personalization strategies, loyalty programs, and other marketing efforts. Oversee report definition and generation. Lead the deployment of analytic systems and reporting projects, including website testing, campaign management, Pilot/in market analysis (A/B and multi variate test) WHAT YOU BRING TO THE TABLE: The ability to provide actionable business insights through analyzation of complex, high dimensionality data, awareness of best practices, and passion for understanding and implementing evolving industry trends. Minimum of a bachelor’s degree in a relevant quantitative field (e.g., statistics, mathematics, economics, operations, marketing/business, research, social science, or related area) 8+ years’ experience leading people and teams 8+ years’ experience in reporting and analytics 5+ years in an analytical role within a marketing/advertising employment setting Experience in a services industry (agency and/or consulting) Experience with database marketing, economic modeling, data mining and predictive modeling. Experience with digital marketing analytics software (Adobe Analytics, GTM, Omniture, Google Analytics, ViQ, etc.) Deep understanding of media landscape, site analytics, attribution, and CRM systems for holistic advising (ex. Adobe Omniture, Google 360, Bizible, VisualIQ, Salesforce, Eloqua) Strong project management, attention to detail and time management skills Working knowledge of one or more analytical software platforms (e.g., SAS, SPSS, R, Alteryx, or open source data mining tools such as Python) Working knowledge of database querying, reporting and visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Alteryx, SQL). Working knowledge of Scrum/Agile experience and methodologies ** Sponsorship is not currently available ** show less",,Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area,Onsite,"$200K/yr - $275K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4103358971/
"Manager, Marketing Analytics and Data Strategy",Northern Trust,"About Northern Trust Northern Trust, a Fortune 500 company, is a globally recognized, award winning financial institution that has been in continuous operation since 1889. Northern Trust is proud to provide innovative financial services and guidance to the world’s most successful individuals, families, and institutions by remaining true to our enduring principles of service, expertise, and integrity. With more than 130 years of financial experience and over 22,000 partners, we serve the world’s most sophisticated clients using leading technology and exceptional service. Overview NTAM is seeking an experienced, strategic minded Director, Marketing Analytics and Data Strategy to join our global marketing team. This leader will increase marketing’s efficiency and establish a foundation of excellence by building and continually improving our processes, data, infrastructure, access, and measurement. Reporting to the Global Head of Digital Strategy & Performance Measurement, you will be responsible for managing the marketing, technology & data integration process – to enhance the overall efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing efforts in driving our strategic priorities. Your mission will be to push our data, analytics and operational maturity through the proactive development and implementation of new processes, tools, automations, optimizations and technology. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record of successfully leading a B2B marketing analytics, operations or strategy function, and commands strong leadership and communication skills. You will be comfortable advocating and collaborating across our business to influence the integrations, gather critical information and secure technical resource allocation for the operations and performance measurement roadmap. Responsiblities Foundation & Framework Define the marketing operations and performance measurement vision, roadmap and strategy for intelligent data driven decision making and operational excellence. Learn the systems, processes, and vendors that power our tech stacks and become an expert in where all data, reporting and analysis lives for Marketing . Work with marketing team members to outline business objectives and success criteria and fine tune activities to help the team exceed expectations. Process Development & Management Develop, map and document key marketing workflows, handle marketing data, analyze performance, and align cross functionally with stakeholders on gaps and optimizations in the current processes. Ensure data quality, integrity and security by establishing and enforcing best practices for data collection, storage, processing and analysis. Create and maintain streamlined reporting processes, ensuring timely and accurate delivery of marketing metrics and insights to stakeholders at all levels. Collaboration Drive evolution amongst our people, processes and tech by enabling operations at scale and driving automation efforts. Collaborate directly with other key leaders in Marketing, Product, Data, Engineering and other teams to align marketing initiatives and results with established business goals. Manage relationships with external service providers, agencies, and vendors ensuring effective and efficient support, integration solutions and risk management. Data Management & Governance Establish standardized processes and best practices for data governance, while maintaining current databases to ensure accuracy and proactively address issues with deliverability, automation or data quality. Acquire, clean and transform data from various sources, ensuring data quality and suitability for advanced analytics, and identify areas where automation is an opportunity. Technology Lead marketing tech projects and key initiatives focused on the selection, implementation, configuration, integration and optimization of marketing technology and tools to streamline marketing operations and delivery of performance results. Identify funnel optimizations, select new technologies and improve data workflows to help marketing drive demand and the sales pipeline by identifying what works (or what doesn’t). Measurement & Reporting Utilize data and analytics to measure the performance of marketing campaigns, make data driven decisions, and provide insights to inform future strategies and optimizations across campaigns and channels. Construct, manage, and communicate detailed reports, visualizations, dashboards and other tools to effectively communicate findings, provide business insights and demonstrate marketing impact. Track and report on marketing metrics, campaign performance and marketing sourced leads across the entire funnel, from lead acquisition through retention. Insights & Optimizations Regularly advise key partners across marketing, sales, finance and the executive team on marketing performance to ensure cross functional alignment on the best possible data driven marketing strategy. Work with analysts and broader marketing team to optimize marketing activities based on performance and identify areas for testing and improvement. Optimize lead scoring, lead flow and distribution methodology to ensure quality leads are passed to our Sales teams for qualification and increased efficiencies and conversion rates. Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree. Minimum 10 years in marketing operations/analytics within the financial services industry or B2B. Expertise in SQL and strong proficiency in data analytics tools such as GA, Python, and R. Experience with tech & data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Power BI, Salesforce). Strong familiarity with marketing systems, automation platforms and tools (Marketo, Hubspot, salesforce, etc). Ability to solve complex business problems, think from first principles and build scalable processes. A good understanding of database structure, data hygiene, analytics and attribution. Experience using data and metrics to measure impact and determine improvements. Demonstrated experience owning and running the governance for a marketing data. Ability to manage multiple projects at the same time in a fast paced environment. Technically capable, an excellent communicator and a desire to improve operations and processes. Working knowledge of GDPR regulations. Salary Range $137,400 240,400 USD Salary range is a good faith estimate of base pay. Northern Trust provides a comprehensive benefits package including retirement benefits (401k and pension), health and welfare benefits (medical, dental, vision, spending accounts and disability), paid time off, parental and caregiver leave, life & accident insurance, and other voluntary and well being benefits. Northern Trust also provides a discretionary bonus program that may include an equity component. Working With Us As a Northern Trust partner, greater achievements await. You will be part of a flexible and collaborative work culture in an organization where financial strength and stability is an asset that emboldens us to explore new ideas. Movement within the organization is encouraged, senior leaders are accessible, and you can take pride in working for a company committed to assisting the communities we serve! Join a workplace with a greater purpose. We’d love to learn more about how your interests and experience could be a fit with one of the world’s most admired and sustainable companies! Build your career with us and apply today. #MadeForGreater Reasonable accommodation Northern Trust is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please email our HR Service Center at MyHRHelp@ntrs.com. We hope you’re excited about the role and the opportunity to work with us. We value an inclusive workplace and understand flexibility means different things to different people. Apply today and talk to us about your flexible working requirements and together we can achieve greater. show less",,"Chicago, IL",Senior Marketing Operations Manager (Remote),"$137.4K/yr - $240.4K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3756082221/
"Sr. Director/VP, Marketing Analytics & Strategy",Xactly Corp,"Job Description WHO WE ARE Xactly Corporation was founded to solve an important challenge: how to help people everywhere connect and unleash their human potential. Xactly delivers a first of its kind, end to end Intelligent Revenue Platform that enables businesses to accelerate the digital transformation of their revenue operations (RevOps). Xactly pairs rich empirical data and purpose built AI capabilities in one platform to advance the quality and scope of data driven decision making through the revenue lifecycle. Xactly empowers growing enterprises to effectively manage their revenue generation. Xactly’s Intelligent Revenue Platform carries organizations through the full Revenue lifecycle by focusing on planning, territory and quota, incentives, and pipeline management and forecasting from initial strategy development through execution and prioritization of all aspects of revenue optimization. Harnessing the power of AI, Xactly’s scalable, cloud based platform combines great software with the industry’s most comprehensive 16 year data set to give customers the trusted insights they need to improve sales performance and grow revenue. THE OPPORTUNITY We are seeking a highly dynamic Sr. Director/VP, Marketing Analytics & Strategy to be responsible for the GTM funnel, real time analytics and impact for our revenue teams from lead generation to deal close. Identify and translate market opportunities into actionable recommendations to achieve individual, team and company revenue profit targets. Support Sales and Marketing in attracting and retaining new customers and maximizing value to existing customers. Cultivate and deliver projects and service levels on budget. Responsible for identifying, developing, and executing data driven strategies to improve our marketing effectiveness. You'll be working across various marketing platforms to analyze customer behavior, 3rd party data and sales performance in order to generate impactful insights that drive our marketing strategy, including defining and measuring our ROI targets. Lead and manage the development of advanced analytic models and to drive marketing effectiveness. Partner with data engineering and revenue operations to define data models and structure across our systems to ensure we have a consistent structure across sales and marketing. Driving decision making through data, refining reporting mechanisms across channels, measuring full funnel impact, scaling a measurement mindset that fuels data driven decision making. Collaborate with the global marketing team to define and develop the KPIS, targets and insights to drive investment and optimization across the marketing mix. Increase efficiency by automating data collection and reporting processes where possible. Train and mentor team members on various analytical methodologies. Responsible for providing analytical, strategic, and operational support to our Senior Executives. Own GTM BI & Analytics Roadmap Build and maintain data architecture (data models, governance, etc) to enable self service analytics via Tableau What We’re Looking For On Your CV Experience building data models to understand effectiveness of digital media, website, product, email, events, product data and sales engagements. Strong understanding of market research and data analysis methods. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Strong knowledge of data analysis tools and statistical methodologies. Superior critical thinking skills, with a high level of accuracy and attention to detail. Ability to convert complex data and findings into understandable tables, graphs, and written reports. 10+ years of experience in data analytics, consulting, or related quantitative role Marketing degree preferred but not required Benefits & Perks Comprehensive insurance coverage (including pet insurance!) Flexible time off and sick days Short term disability, long term disability, maternity and parental leave Gym/fitness reimbursement and tuition reimbursement Flexible savings accounts Paid holidays and up to 3 days paid community and volunteer leave Life and AD&D insurance. 401(k) Insurance coverage The compensation range is specific to the United States and takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and delivery model. A reasonable estimate of the range is $200,000 $240,000 plus the applicable bonus. Applications will be accepted only for those currently residing in the posted country for this role. There is no expectation of approval for an international relocation for this job. Our Vision Unleashing human potential to maximize company performance. We address a critical business need: to incentivize employees and align their behaviors with company goals. Our Values Customer Focus | Accountability | Respect | Excellence (CARE) are the keys to our success, and each day we’re committed to upholding them by delivering the best we can to our customers. Xactly is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law. We do not accept resumes from agencies, headhunters, or other suppliers who have not signed a formal agreement with us. show less",,United States,Onsite,"$200K/yr - $240K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4105484890/
Director of Marketing Analytics,Mastermind.com,"Job Title: Director of Marketing Analytics Location: Scottsdale, AZ (On Site / Hybrid) Available only for candidates based in Phoenix, AZ or willing to relocate. Compensation: $160K $220K + Benefits Type: W2, Full Time 🌐 About Mastermind.com: Mastermind.com, a Tony Robbins & Dean Graziosi company, is the premier online platform empowering entrepreneurs to build, launch, and scale knowledge based businesses. Our platform helps individuals achieve global impact through their expertise. JOB OVERVIEW We’re seeking a strategic and data driven Director of Marketing Analytics to lead our marketing analytics team and provide actionable insights that will shape our marketing strategies, campaigns, and customer experience initiatives. The Director of Marketing Analytics will report to our Managing Director of Data and Analytics, and will play a critical role in analyzing data, identifying trends, and making recommendations to optimize our marketing performance, customer acquisition, and lifetime value. This is a true leadership role that will work cross functionally with marketing, product, finance, and sales teams to ensure data accuracy, enhance our reporting capabilities, and drive a culture of data informed decision making. Key Responsibilities: Lead and Develop Analytics Strategy: Define and execute a marketing analytics strategy that aligns with business goals and supports data driven decision making across all marketing channels. Lead Scoring Model Development and Optimization: Oversee the continuous improvement of a lead scoring model that accurately assesses lead quality and readiness, ensuring alignment with sales for more effective targeting and improved conversion rates. Customer Segmentation and Personalization: Develop segmentation strategies that drive personalized marketing efforts, enhancing customer experiences and increasing conversion rates. Performance Tracking and Reporting: Establish key performance indicators (KPIs) and dashboards to monitor campaign effectiveness, customer engagement, and ROI on marketing initiatives, providing actionable insights to the marketing leadership team. Forecasting and Budget Allocation: Provide data driven recommendations for budget allocation across channels, forecasting potential outcomes, and identifying areas of opportunity for cost efficiency. Competitive Analysis: Conduct ongoing analysis of market trends, competitive activity, and consumer behavior to identify growth opportunities. Team Leadership and Development: Manage, mentor, and grow a team of marketing analysts, fostering a collaborative and growth oriented environment. Data Infrastructure and Tools: Partner with engineering and data teams to improve data infrastructure, tools, and processes, ensuring data integrity, accessibility, and automation. Collaboration with Stakeholders: Work closely with other departments to align data insights with strategic initiatives, including sales forecasting, customer journey mapping, and product development. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Statistics, Business, Economics, or a related field; Master’s degree or MBA preferred. 8+ years of experience in marketing analytics or a related field, with 3+ years in a leadership role. Verifiable Experience with SQL and Python. Proven expertise in data analytics, statistical modeling, and attribution methodologies. Strong proficiency with analytics tools and data management platforms. Excellent leadership and communication skills, with the ability to convey complex data insights to non technical stakeholders. Strong business acumen and a track record of applying analytics to drive marketing strategy and impact revenue. Key Competencies: Analytical Thinking: Ability to synthesize data into insights and translate complex analyses into actionable recommendations. Results Orientation: Proven track record of driving results through data and optimization strategies. Leadership: Skilled in building and leading high performance teams, and fostering a collaborative and innovative culture. Communication: Exceptional presentation skills, with the ability to engage stakeholders at all levels. Strategic Vision: Ability to align analytics strategy with overall business goals, and adapt quickly to changing market conditions and emerging technologies. How to Apply: If you are a strategic, data driven leader with a verified track record for turning insights into impactful marketing strategies and passionate about shaping the future of an innovative, fast growing platform as a Marketing Analytics leader, then we want to hear from you. Click the apply button to submit your resume and start your journey toward becoming a key leader in our marketing analytics team. Join us at Mastermind.com and help empower entrepreneurs worldwide with your expertise. About Mastermind.com: At Mastermind, we’re not just another software company — we’re a community committed to changing the world one student at a time. Mastermind empowers entrepreneurs and solopreneurs worldwide, enabling them to implement their skillset and get paid. We offer the fastest, most accessible, and most powerful system for building a successful knowledge based business. We offer a supportive work environment that values work life balance, professional growth, and a shared mission to empower others. show less",,"Phoenix, AZ",Onsite,"$160K/yr - $220K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4068504816/
Senior Director of Marketing Analytics and Optimization,Aspen Dental,"The Aspen Group (TAG) is one of the largest and most trusted retail healthcare business support organizations in the U.S. and has supported over 20,000 healthcare professionals and team members with close to 1,500 health and wellness offices across 48 states in four distinct categories: dental care, urgent care, medical aesthetics, and animal health. Working in partnership with independent practice owners and clinicians, the team is united by a single purpose: to prove that healthcare can be better and smarter for everyone. TAG provides a comprehensive suite of centralized business support services that power the impact of five consumer facing businesses: Aspen Dental, ClearChoice Dental Implant Centers, WellNow Urgent Care, Chapter Aesthetic Studio, and AZPetVet. Each brand has access to a deep community of experts, tools and resources to grow their practices, and an unwavering commitment to delivering high quality consumer healthcare experiences at scale. As a reflection of our current needs and planned growth, we are very pleased to offer a new opportunity to join our dedicated team as Senior Director of Marketing Performance. Reporting to the VP Digital Commerce, we are looking for a visionary Senior Director of Marketing Performance to lead and inspire a team responsible for driving data driven decisions across our marketing and digital commerce efforts. This role will oversee marketing analytics, measurement, and CRO, delivering actionable insights to improve efficiency, growth, and patient engagement. You will manage a team of analysts and testers, collaborating with media, merchandising and data teams to enhance campaign performance, optimize marketing investments, and maximize conversion rates and revenue growth. Key Responsibilities: Lead the analytics and measurement function, translating complex data into strategic insights that inform decision making and marketing strategy. Stay on the cutting edge of marketing analytics, attribution models, and CRO trends to bring innovative solutions to the team. Develop and maintain a robust measurement framework to track the effectiveness of marketing campaigns and investment, including ROI and patient revenue metrics. Deliver clear, actionable insights through best in class reporting and data visualization to drive business growth, efficiency, and revenue and reach optimization. Work closely with the data team to align on the proper tagging strategies and tools to track key performance indicators (KPIs) and user behavior without compromising data privacy or compliance standards. Lead the CRO team and agenda in partnership with ecom & merchandising and service line teams to deliver innovative, user centric strategies that improve digital engagement and conversion across the website and digital platforms. Design and implement data driven experimentation, A/B and multivariate testing to continuously improve user experience, drive revenue, and reduce friction in customer journeys. Work closely with the ecom & merchandising team to ensure a seamless, high converting experience for all prospective patients. Partner closely with the media team, media agency, site teams and measurement partners to align performance goals and optimize marketing investments. Develop, coach, and mentor a high performing team of analysts and CRO experts to foster innovation, collaboration, and continuous learning. Implement and maintain best in class measurement frameworks, tools, and technologies to optimize marketing spend and conversion efforts. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in marketing, business analytics, statistics, or related fields; advanced degree preferred. 12+ years of experience in marketing analytics, performance measurement, and CRO, with a proven track record of optimizing marketing investments and improving conversion rates. Expertise in developing data driven insights, using advanced measurement techniques, and implementing testing methodologies such as A/B and multivariate testing. Strong understanding of digital marketing, eCommerce, and user experience optimization strategies. Proven ability to navigate and comply with industry regulations (e.g., HIPAA), ensuring that all marketing analytics and performance measurement activities respect patient privacy and data security. Proficient in data analytics tools (SQL, Python, R, Google Analytics) and marketing measurement platforms. Exceptional leadership skills with experience managing and developing high performing teams. Excellent communication and collaboration skills to influence stakeholders across all levels of the organization. If you are an applicant residing in California, please view our privacy policy here: https://careers.aspendental.com/us/en/tag privacy policy for california employees Salary: $200,000 $230,000 + bonus opportunity. R2024 019298 show less",,"Chicago, IL",Onsite,"$200K/yr - $230K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4061367725/
"Manager, Digital Marketing Analytics","Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC","Ameriprise Financial has a great new leadership opportunity for a Manager of Digital Marketing Analytics to join our team! You will play a key role within EDAI (Enterprise Data, Analytics, & Insights) to drive tangible business results by providing actionable insights and recommendations through the analysis of digital marketing initiatives. This role will lead a group of analysts supporting several web or mobile app product teams. You will collaborate closely with Senior Director and VP level marketing leaders on strategic initiatives, prioritization, and resourcing needs. Key Responsibilities Perform online reporting, collection, and analysis of complex digital qualitative and quantitative metrics from multiple sources. Discover issues, developing trends, or areas to investigate further. Pro actively identify opportunities to drive tangible business results. Present data in a clear and compelling way to communicate insights, tell a story, and influence strategy. Assist in dataset creation by developing measurement plans, technical requirement documents. This may include data extraction, derived and dependent variable creation, and data quality control processes for analytics, model development, and validation. Manage workload within the team by partnering with analytics department lead and senior marketing leaders. This includes preparing for a series of weekly team agile meetings, bi weekly marketing alignment meetings, leading analytics self service and enablement initiatives, and monthly leadership prioritization discussions. This role will own the creation and reporting of monthly KPIs and dashboards, as well as perform analysis and build processes that ensure best practices in marketing performance. Responsible for one or more analytic tools owned by the analytics team. Be a subject matter expert for those tools and create a strategy for maximizing their benefits and effectiveness. Identify opportunities for operational excellence within the team. Some examples include optimizing operational process, clarifying roles and responsibilities, implementation of agile methodologies, standardization across the board, enhancing QA process, identifying opportunities to improve speed to market, self service enablement for the business, etc. Required Qualifications Bachelors degree or equivalent 5 7 years of relevant experience Digital analytics experience developing meaningful KPIs, Solution Design References (SDR), reporting, insights, and interpreting results Experience conducting analyses of digital data using Adobe Analytics, Adobe Customer Journey Analytics Experience leading and coaching employees Ability to share compelling insights using MS PowerPoint to C suite audiences Strong relationship & communication skills working with colleagues and business partners; influencing customers on recommendations. Experience with leading enablement, COE, self service analytics initiatives Preferred Qualifications 3+ years of experience working in a big data environment (AWS, Azure) for data wrangling or analysis Experience working with Customer Data Platforms (CDP) such as the Adobe Experience Platform or Adobe Real Time CDP Experience coding in Pyspark, Python, SQL Ability to work and thrive in collaborative work environment as well as independently to drive results Proven track record of driving Analytics into actionable business outcomes Experience in financial services with knowledge of products, customers, transaction and interaction data, including source systems Demonstrated understanding of statistical analyses methodologies About Our Company We’re a diversified financial services leader with more than $1 trillion in assets under management and administration as of 2022. Our team of 20,000 people in more than 20 countries, advise and manage assets and income of more than 2 million individual, small business and institutional clients. We are a longstanding leader in financial planning and advice, a global asset manager and an insurer. Our unwavering focus on our clients and strong financial foundation connects each of our unique businesses Ameriprise Financial, Columbia Threadneedle Investments and RiverSource Insurance and Annuities. Here, we foster meaningful careers, invest in the future, and make a difference for clients, institutions and communities around the world. Base Pay Salary New York Residents Only: The estimated base salary for this role is $103,300 $139,500/year. Base salaries are determined in part based on job related knowledge, skills, experience, and geographical work location. In addition, most of our roles are eligible for variable pay in the form of bonus, commissions, and/or long term incentives depending on the role. We also have a competitive and comprehensive benefits program that support all aspects of your health and well being. Ameriprise Financial is an equal opportunity employer. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, age, sexual orientation, citizenship, gender identity, disability, veteran status, marital status, family status or any other basis prohibited by law. Full Time/Part Time Full time Exempt/Non Exempt Exempt Job Family Group Marketing/Product Management Line of Business MARKT Marketing show less",,"Minneapolis, MN",Paid Search Manager (Remote) with verification,$80/hr,https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4076957568/
Director - Marketing Analytics,Golden 1 Credit Union,"TITLE: DIRECTOR MARKETING ANALYTICS STATUS: EXEMPT REPORTS TO: VP INTEGRATED MARKETING AND MARTECH DEPARTMENT: MARTECH JOB CODE: 11763 PAY RANGE: $156,900.00 $175,000.00 ANNUALLY General Description The Marketing Analytics Director will provide insights to inform and optimize data driven marketing strategies. This director will combine leadership, strategic thinking, performance insights and advanced analytics to maximize marketing ROI and guide data informed decision making. The leader will manage a team of talented marketing analysts and collaborate closely with cross functional teams to improve the effectiveness of marketing campaigns and better understand member needs and wants. Tasks, Duties, Functions Lead a team of marketing analysts. Foster a collaborative team culture, and make sure everyone has the support they need to thrive. Own and present the marketing analytics roadmap to senior leadership, ensuring that efforts align with company goals. Interpret complex data sets and leverage the data to shape the marketing strategy and optimize the purchasing journey and campaign performance. Deliver campaign findings for targeted marketing programs to assist with optimization and real time decision making and prioritization of initiatives based on those findings. Collaborate closely with other departments to create a full funnel analytics view and reporting from acquisition through to membership and loyalty. Use segmentation and work with teams to leverage predictive modeling to influence personalized marketing strategies that boost engagement, retention, and loyalty. Deeply understand measurement techniques such as multivariate testing, brand and advertisement tracking, marketing return on investment (MORI), impact across multiple cross channel marketing activities, and optimization of marketing investment allocation. Maintain a thorough understanding of state and federal laws and regulations related to credit union compliance including bank secrecy and anti money laundering laws. Performs other duties as needed by management. PHYSICAL SKILLS, ABILITIES, AND EXERTION UTILIZED IN THE PERFORMANCE OF THESE TASK: Effective oral and written communication skills required to varying levels of analytical daily tasks. Must possess sufficient manual dexterity to skillfully operate standard office equipment such as a personal computer, VOIP telephone, printers, scanners, etc. Organizational Contacts & Relationships INTERNAL: All levels of staff. EXTERNAL: Vendors, management, other financial institutions, and other contact centers. Qualifications EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree in business administration, Marketing, Econometrics, Statistics, Mathematics or another advanced qualitative degree. MBA Preferred EXPERIENCE: Minimum of 10 or more years in an analytics role with more than 7 years of experience leading a team. KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS: Experience with tools such as Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Data Cloud, Tableau, Power BI Experience with SQL, SAS, SPSS, S Plus, R or other data analytics tools a plus. Experience with promotional, targeted and marketing data. Leadership skills to manage and work with cross functional business partners and team. Excellent written/verbal communication skills are essential, as this position will have exposure to various management levels across the organization. Ability to adapt to an environment that is in a growth mode and pivot as needed to meet goals and as priorities shift. Blend of strategic and tactical thinking, creative and analytic reasoning. St ro n g quant i ta t i ve an d ana l ytical skills t o support data i n formed d e cision ma king. Creative, outside the box thinking and problem solving approach. Collaborative, team player attitude with the ability to navigate and influence the organization. Ability to build relationships and partner with internal and external groups. Seasoned well trained professional with strong interpersonal skills, and outstanding analytical and research skills, as well as a passion for emerging research tools and technologies. Strategic thinker with the ability to inspire confidence from, and to collaborate closely with internal stakeholders.. Physical Requirements Prolonged sitting throughout the workday with occasional mobility required. Corrected vision within the normal range. Hearing within normal range. A device to enhance hearing will be provided if needed. Occasional movements throughout the department daily to interact with staff, accomplish tasks, etc. Licenses / Certifications THIS JOB DESCRIPTION IN NO WAY STATES OR IMPLIES THAT THESE ARE THE ONLY DUTIES TO BE PERFORMED BY THIS EMPLOYEE. HE OR SHE WILL BE REQUIRED TO FOLLOW OTHER INSTRUCTIONS AND TO PERFORM OTHER DUTIES REQUESTED BY HIS OR HER SUPERVISOR THAT ARE WITHIN HIS / HER KNOWLEDGE, SKILL AND ABILITY AS WELL AS HIS / HER MENTAL AND PHYSICAL ABILITIES. REV. 12/9/2024 Apply Now show less",,"Sacramento, CA",Onsite,"$156.9K/yr - $175K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4095337676/
Data Scientist - Marketing Analytics and Reporting,AVEVA,"AVEVA is creating software trusted by over 90% of leading industrial companies. Salary Range: $97,100.00 $161,900.00 This pay range represents the minimum and maximum compensation that the position offers, and final compensation can vary within the range depending on work location, job experience, skills, and relevant educational attainment and/or training. The Data Scientist specializing in Customer Data Platform (CDP) plays a pivotal role in leveraging data science techniques to extract insights from customer data within the CDP. Responsible for developing advanced analytics solutions to enhance customer segmentation, personalization, and overall customer experience. Collaborates closely with cross functional teams to drive data driven decision making and optimize customer engagement strategies. This role reports to the Director of Marketing Analytics and Reporting and with significant visibility at the AVEVA leadership team. The job holder will work closely with the stakeholders across marketing, including product marketing, demand center, regional marketing, and sales operations. This team member will have the ability to clearly communicate performance, insight, and recommendations to key stakeholders. In the role, the candidate would be a strong team player with exceptional marketing performance reporting understanding. This position will work side by side with the Director of Marketing Analytics and Reporting as well as the Americas, APAC and EMEA marketing operations team. It is also critical that this role build a strong working relationship with Sales Operations. Responsibilities Utilize data science methodologies to analyze and extract insights from customer data within the CDP. Develop predictive models, propensity scores, and customer lifetime value models to optimize customer segmentation and targeting. Implement machine learning algorithms to drive personalized customer experiences and increase customer engagement. Collaborate with data engineers and data architects to ensure seamless integration of data sources into the CDP. Work closely with marketing, sales, and product teams to understand business objectives and translate them into data science solutions. Create visualizations and dashboards to communicate insights and recommendations to stakeholders. Continuously monitor and evaluate model performance, making improvements as necessary to ensure accuracy and relevance. Stay updated on industry trends and best practices in data science and customer analytics. Collaborate with cross functional teams including data engineering, marketing, sales, and product development. Liaise with IT and business stakeholders to ensure alignment of data science initiatives with business objectives. Skills And Qualifications Advanced degree (Master's or PhD) in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, or related field. 3 5+ years of experience in data science, with a focus on customer analytics and Journey mapping. Proficiency in programming languages such as Python or R for data analysis and machine learning. Experience with customer data platforms (CDPs) specifically experience with Tealium Strong understanding of machine learning algorithms and statistical modeling techniques. Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to translate complex technical concepts to non technical stakeholders. Proven track record of delivering data science solutions that drive business impact. Ability to work effectively in a collaborative, cross functional environment. USA Benefits include: Flex work hours, 20 days PTO rising to 25 with service, three paid volunteering days, primary and secondary parental leave, well being support, medical, dental, vision, and 401K. It’s possible we’re hiring for this position in multiple countries, in which case the above benefits apply to the primary location. Specific benefits vary by country, but our packages are similarly comprehensive. Find out more: aveva.com/en/about/careers/benefits/ Hybrid working By default, employees are expected to be in their local AVEVA office three days a week, but some positions are fully office based. Roles supporting particular customers or markets are sometimes remote. Hiring process Interested? Great! Get started by submitting your cover letter and CV through our application portal. AVEVA is committed to recruiting and retaining people with disabilities. Please let us know in advance if you need reasonable support during your application process. Find out more: aveva.com/en/about/careers/hiring process About AVEVA AVEVA is a global leader in industrial software with more than 6,500 employees in over 40 countries. Our cutting edge solutions are used by thousands of enterprises to deliver the essentials of life – such as energy, infrastructure, chemicals, and minerals – safely, efficiently, and more sustainably. We are committed to embedding sustainability and inclusion into our operations, our culture, and our core business strategy. Learn more about how we are progressing against our ambitious 2030 targets: sustainability report.aveva.com/ Find out more: aveva.com/en/about/careers/ AVEVA requires all successful applicants to undergo and pass a drug screening and comprehensive background check before they start employment. Background checks will be conducted in accordance with local laws and may, subject to those laws, include proof of educational attainment, employment history verification, proof of work authorization, criminal records, identity verification, credit check. Certain positions dealing with sensitive and/or third party personal data may involve additional background check criteria. AVEVA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to being an exemplary employer with an inclusive culture, developing a workplace environment where all our employees are treated with dignity and respect. We value diversity and the expertise that people from different backgrounds bring to our business. AVEVA provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify your recruiter. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case by case basis. show less",,"Philadelphia, PA",Onsite,$97.1K/yr - $161.9K/yr,https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4037550314/
Lead Analyst - Marketing Analytics (Remote),TruStage,"At TruStage, we’re on a mission to make a brighter financial future accessible to everyone. We put people first, and work hand in hand with employees and customers to create a diverse and inclusive environment. Passionate about building insurance, investment and technology solutions, we push the boundaries of what’s possible. We need you to help us shape what’s next. You’ll be encouraged to share your experiences, ideas and skills to help others take control of their financial future. Join a team that has received numerous awards for being a top place to work: TruStage awards and recognition Job Responsibilities Business Domain Analysis: Manage business relationship, understand business strategy and needs with an aim to create a trusted partnership. Participate in business strategy discussions and provide guidance and recommendations. Communicate the analytics and/or data plan and insights with expert storytelling ability. Define and size business opportunities/problems that can solved through analytics and/or data. Assess and prioritize the opportunity to bring forward a value based, business outcome analytics and/or data solution. Design analytical and/or data solutions from a broad array of descriptive, diagnostic, predictive, and prescriptive techniques. Develop analytics and/or data roadmaps to support business strategy. Plan, prioritize, and translate needs of the business and initiatives to deliver analytics and/or data solutions through cross functional execution across teams Lead the analytics on projects with notable risk, complexity, and impact; develops the strategy for execution; provides functional thought leadership. Analyze and anticipate internal and external business challenges and or regulatory issues; recommends process, product, or service improvements. Shape how own and related discipline(s) and department(s) best integrate with the broader function. Provide data driven insights impacting multiple business areas. Help establish and achieve the business area(s) objectives and key results. Responsible for the oversight of core metrics and key performance indicators for specific business area(s), leading and lagging indicators, forecasts, and related historical performance. Solves unique and multifaceted problems with broad (often multi year) impact on the business; requires conceptual and innovative thinking to develop solutions. Utilizes strong conceptual understanding of predictive analytics and data to partner with data analysts and data scientists to solve problems. Engages with multiple cross departmental areas on problems, including senior leadership. Acts as a resource for colleagues with less experience; may guide other analysts and or prioritize work. Leads projects with notable level of risk and resource requirements. Data Modeling, Reporting, and Business Intelligence: Strategic understating of the relationships in multiple business area(s) data sets and how it changes and trends over time and the key business drivers; uses this understanding to accomplish own work and guide the work of other analysts. Collect, manipulate, and analyze datasets pertaining to multiple business area(s); utilizes standard formulas, methods, and BI tools as are common in the industry and relevant to the current data in all phases (collection, analysis, reporting). Defines reporting data sets, core metrics, and key performance indicators for new business area(s) or ventures. Utilizes BI/Reporting tools to explore data and produce outputs. Leads others to help solve multifaceted problems with high risk potential; uses strategic analytical thought to exercise judgment, identify innovative solutions, and set the direction for new initiatives. Works with many cross departmental teams throughout the process. Impacts a range of customer, operational, project or service activities that have broad impact on the business; works within broad guidelines, best practices, and policies to meet deadlines. Helps in establishing analytic best practices. Business Data Communications: Communicates complex ideas, anticipates potential objections, and persuades others, often at senior levels, to adopt a different point of view. Contributes to change initiatives by actively soliciting and listening to feedback to determine need for change or improvement. Prepares professional presentations, reports, or visualizations and presents this information various cross departmental teams, including senior leadership groups, while tailoring the presentation and insights to a level appropriate for the audience. Adapts to new situations such as teams, projects, or work processes. Keeps up to date on industry, competitor, and market trends; interprets internal/external business challenges and recommends leading practices to improve products, processes, or services. Champions relevant data to appropriate users in an organization and monitor the published data sources for usage/relevance/quality feedback. Works as part of a team dedicated to maintaining and enhancing the overall usefulness, integrity, and security of data across the enterprise. The above statement of duties is not intended to be all inclusive and other duties will be assigned from time to time. Job Requirements Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management, statistics, or related field, or equivalent combination of education and/or related professional work experience. 8+ years’ data analytics experience. 3+ years in a senior analytics role. Business Domain Skills: Strategic business acumen and analysis skills to understand and quantify the steps required, impacts, and benefits associated with implementing or changing business process, rules, policy, etc. to impact performance. Strategic understanding of products/services in own area and knowledge of those in other areas; is aware of the competition and the factors that differentiate TruStage in the market. Strong understanding of applicable business concepts, metrics, processes, and systems for business area(s). Ability to independently manage multiple strategic priorities in a time sensitive, production environment, for self and others. Expert knowledge of leading practices and how own area integrates with others. Data Skills: Skilled in data mining technologies such as: Alteryx, R, Python. Ability to interpret data models in conjunction with exploratory analysis of a database. Data Knowledge: In depth knowledge of key data across multiple data domains and or business units, Expert knowledge on multiple source systems and the data they generate. Ability to tutor co workers (within and outside of organizational department) on various data domains. Routinely validates how data elements are structured, and confirms alignment with business definitions. Data Modeling: In depth knowledge of multiple data models leveraged across the enterprise (either multiple business units or multiple data domains) and data storage tools such as Snowflake Advanced ability to translate complex business requirements into logical data model. Aligns closely with the data and engineering teams in the construction of the physical data model. Ability to provides basic datasets to analyst teams for exploratory analysis. Reporting & BI: Skilled in BI applications such as PowerBI. Advanced ability to construct dynamic reports / scorecards vs static reports and ability to visualize the data in the best representation given the data or analytics required. Advanced ability to represent multivariate data within a single comprehensive visual. Ability to incorporate aesthetic principles into report / scorecard development. Communications: Ability to communicate analytics in layperson’s terms. Ability to communicate ideas at every level of detail, from the most detailed business discussion to a senior leadership forum. Expert at leading development of presentation logic. Strong presentation skills. Ability to communicate (verbally and in writing) up and down organizational structure regarding all tasks and assignments. If you’re ready to help make a difference, apply today. Please provide your Work Experience and Education or attach a copy of your resume. Applications received without this information may be removed from consideration. Compensation may vary based on the job level, your geographic work location, position incentive plan and exemption status. Base Salary Range $112,400.00 $168,600.00 At TruStageTM, we believe a sound, inclusive benefits program is of vital importance, along with a flexible workplace that allows for work life balance, career growth and retirement assistance. In addition to your base pay, your position may be eligible for an annual incentive (bonus) plan. Additional benefits available to eligible employees include medical, dental, vision, employee assistance program, life insurance, disability plans, parental leave, paid time off, 401k, and tuition reimbursement, just to name a few. Beyond pay and benefits, we also recognize that flexibility, including working in a place you prefer, is essential to caring for our employees. We will continue to strive to offer flexibility and invest in technology and other tools that will make hybrid working normal rather than an exception, so that when “life happens,” you can focus on what’s most important. Accommodation request TruStage is a place where everyone can bring their best self and thrive. If you need application or interview process accommodations, please contact the accessibility department. show less",,United States,,$112.4K/yr - $168.6K/yr,https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4113113016/
"Senior Manager, Marketing Analytics",Adobe,"Our Company Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen. We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours! The Opportunity At Adobe, we're committed to helping our customers deliver unparalleled digital experiences and are looking for a passionate leader to accelerate our own marketing effectiveness through data, insights, and innovative measurement methods. As the Senior Manager of Marketing Analytics, you will play a pivotal role in driving performance optimization for the Americas Digital Experience Marketing organization. This leadership position requires an individual who can build and deliver against a robust reporting and analysis roadmap, while directly managing and coaching analysts. You will be a player coach, with the ability to train others, dive into technical details to solve blockers for key projects, and represent analysis and measurement strategy in executive level conversations. What You’ll Do Serve as a critical business partner to the VP of Americas, and an essential part of their extended staff, on all things Marketing Analytics. Drive performance insights for the Americas Marketing Organization, including the introduction of inspection cadences that support campaign and channel optimizations Deliver insightful readouts to the Americas leadership team, providing recommendations through data that informs strategic shifts for their business Lead and mentor a team of analysts, providing hands on coaching and career development Provide measurement thought leadership and introduce outside in best practices to inject innovation into current state measurement capabilities Build and execute against a multi quarter analysis and measurement innovation roadmap with inputs from the marketing leadership team Drive business requirements for technical projects that will transform Adobe’s ability to measure success of account based initiatives What You Need to Succeed 8+ years of experience in marketing analytics in a B2B environment 4+ years of leading a B2B analytics function, with a proven track record of developing analysts Degree in Marketing, Statistics, Finance, Computer Science or other relevant fields Domain expertise in B2B marketing strategy and measurement approaches Ability to translate asks from marketing partners into technical requirements to drive cross functional projects with engineering and technology partners Expertise in SQL, Advanced Excel, and data driven storytelling Outstanding stakeholder engagement, with a proven track record of driving measurement strategy and analysis with senior leadership Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several U.S. geographic markets, and we pay differently based on those defined markets. The U.S. pay range for this position is $120,700 $240,900 annually. Pay within this range varies by work location and may also depend on job related knowledge, skills, and experience. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the job location during the hiring process. At Adobe, for sales roles starting salaries are expressed as total target compensation (TTC = base + commission), and short term incentives are in the form of sales commission plans. Non sales roles starting salaries are expressed as base salary and short term incentives are in the form of the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP). In addition, certain roles may be eligible for long term incentives in the form of a new hire equity award. Adobe will consider qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records for employment in accordance with state and local laws and “fair chance” ordinances. Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Learn more. Adobe aims to make Adobe.com accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email accommodations@adobe.com or call (408) 536 3015. Adobe values a free and open marketplace for all employees and has policies in place to ensure that we do not enter into illegal agreements with other companies to not recruit or hire each other’s employees. show less",,"San Jose, CA",Paid Search Manager (Remote) with verification,"$120.7K/yr - $240.9K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4087479969/
"Director, Marketing Analytics",Qualtrics,"At Qualtrics, we create software the world’s best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close knit, high functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, you’ll be part of a nimble group that’s empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You won’t have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, they’ll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, we’re on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 5,000 people across the globe who think that’s work worth doing. Director of Marketing Analytics Why We Have this Role We’re looking for an exceptional analytics and people leader to deliver commercial impact by strategically applying the data insights across our customer and marketing channel and program performance to support optimization of our marketing mix. This position is ideal for a self motivated individual that is detail oriented and has a passion for problem solving. This position will work on complex projects that incorporate mathematical and statistical techniques and will be part of a global marketing team. If you enjoy building teams to test and learn to optimize marketing performance and customer LTV, we're looking for someone like you! How You Will Find Success Seeking someone who thrives in a collaborative and dynamic environment, with the ability to establish successful partnerships across both business and data stakeholders. Must have experience managing and scaling a marketing data foundation across all channels and program types to deliver insights to business stakeholders. Must have a demonstrated ability to recruit and develop high performing talent in a regionally dispersed team, with a focus on creating psychological safety for diverse teams and building inclusive cultures Self motivated, excellent communication, project management, and organizational abilities. Synthesize data and insights into well crafted narratives and presentations that inform and influence key stakeholders across the company and marketing to make better consumer first decisions Analyzes A/B and Multivariate tests, extracts actionable insights that inform marketing and digital strategies, communicate results and provide recommendations. How You’ll Grow By joining Qualtrics, you become part of a team that dares to pursue groundbreaking experiences. Our mission is to build technology that positively impacts businesses and makes them more human. As a member of our global marketing organization, you will be a leader within a diverse and inclusive community that values the voice of each individual. We strive for representation that reflects the world we live in and goes beyond it. You will have the opportunity to lead and be a part of a team that upholds values such as transparency, whole hearted commitment, customer obsession, unity, and resourcefulness. We encourage big picture thinking and foster an environment that embraces innovation and creativity. You will have the freedom to flex your strategic and tactical skills, all within a fast paced and high growth setting. Things You’ll Do Responsible for identifying, developing, and executing data driven strategies to improve our marketing effectiveness. You'll be working across various marketing platforms to analyze customer behavior, 3rd party data and sales performance in order to generate impactful insights that drive our marketing strategy, including defining and measuring our ROI targets. Lead and manage the development of advanced analytic models and to drive marketing effectiveness. Partner with data engineering and revenue operations to define data models and structure across our systems to ensure we have a consistent structure across sales and marketing. Driving decision making through data, refining reporting mechanisms across channels, measuring full funnel impact, scaling a measurement mindset that fuels data driven decision making. Collaborate with the global marketing team to define and develop the KPIS, targets and insights to drive investment and optimization across the marketing mix. Increase efficiency by automating data collection and reporting processes where possible. Train and mentor team members on various analytical methodologies. Present and communicate strategic findings to executive leadership. What We’re Looking For On Your CV Experience building data models to understand effectiveness of digital media, website, product, email, events, product data and sales engagements. Strong understanding of market research and data analysis methods. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Strong knowledge of data analysis tools and statistical methodologies. Superior critical thinking skills, with a high level of accuracy and attention to detail. Ability to convert complex data and findings into understandable tables, graphs, and written reports. Proficiency in digital analytics and visualization tools such as Google Analytics, Google BigQuery, Tableau, AWS Redshift services for data warehousing and analytics. Familiarity with statistical modeling, regression analysis, and predictive modeling techniques. Experience with Agile development methods, ETL, SQL, R and SPSS. An advanced degree (Master's or Ph.D. preferred) in Math, Physics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or similar domain 10+ years of experience in data analytics, consulting, or related quantitative role Experience working with media mix modeling, marketing measurement and attribution, targeting and creative optimization, online purchase funnel optimization, user segmentation, cohort analyses, time series analyses, regression models, etc What You Should Know About This Team We are a dynamic and adventurous marketing team, unafraid to push boundaries and achieve remarkable results. Though small in number, our team is agile and fiercely determined. Data serves as a foundation for our decision making process, but our true passion lies in exploring new ideas and introducing groundbreaking concepts to our global network. Challenges excite us, as we view them as opportunities for growth and positive transformation. We are not merely observers of change; we actively initiate and drive it. Our Team’s Favourite Perks And Benefits Qualtrics Experience Program A bonus each year for an experience of your choosing Worldwide and diverse community that enjoys helping each other At Qualtrics we are constantly working to create an environment where everyone feels safe and comfortable coming to work and can, as a result of our culture, make their best possible contribution to our team The Qualtrics Hybrid Work Model: Our hybrid work model is elegantly simple: we all gather in the office three days a week; Mondays and Thursdays, plus one day selected by your organizational leader. These purposeful in person days in thoughtfully designed offices help us do our best work and harness the power of collaboration and innovation. For the rest of the week, work where you want, owning the integration of work and life. Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws:Family & Medical Leave Act,Equal Opportunity Employment,Employee Polygraph Protection Act Qualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contact/recruiter know. Not finding a role that’s the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam we promise! You'll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit. For full time positions, this pay range is for base per year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on location, job related knowledge, education, skills, and experience. A sign on bonus and restricted stock units may be included in an employment offer, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and other benefits, based on eligibility criteria. Washington State Annual Pay Transparency Range $183,000—$333,000 USD show less",,"Seattle, WA",Onsite,"$183K/yr - $333K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4042829940/
Vice President Marketing Analytics,Harnham,"Company Overview: The company is a dynamic, growth oriented organization with close to $500M in revenue, focused on transforming higher education through innovative online programs. With strong backing from private equity investors, the company is positioning itself for an exciting exit within the next 2 5 years. The leadership team is aligned with an aggressive growth strategy, offering significant opportunities for those who are driven to succeed. The company’s mission is to help universities thrive and students succeed by increasing access to high quality, affordable education. Role Overview: The company is seeking a Vice President of Marketing Analytics to drive the development and execution of advanced marketing analytics strategies. This position requires an expert who can lead technical teams while leveraging the latest technologies like Python, machine learning, and data science techniques to unlock actionable insights. As a VP, you will play a crucial role in aligning marketing initiatives with business goals, driving the strategy for demand forecasting, churn prediction, and multichannel attribution, all while helping the company grow in the competitive education sector. Key Responsibilities: Strategic Leadership: Lead the design and implementation of the company’s marketing data foundation, ensuring alignment with business objectives and strategic marketing initiatives. Marketing Analytics: Oversee critical projects, including propensity modeling, churn prediction, lead to enrollment forecasting, and multichannel attribution. Team Management: Build and lead a high performing team of 10+ professionals, fostering a collaborative and results oriented environment. Cross Departmental Collaboration: Work closely with IT and other business units to solve complex marketing challenges and ensure the smooth execution of data initiatives. Tool Assessment: Provide recommendations on data visualization tools (e.g., Power BI, Tableau, Looker) to maximize business value. Hands On Technical Work: Take part in technical work such as predictive modeling and reporting automation to help drive key decisions. Skills Needed to Succeed: Advanced Marketing Analytics: In depth experience with funnel management, lead to enrollment models, churn prediction, and demand forecasting. Data Science Expertise: Strong background in machine learning and predictive modeling using Python (preferably Scikit Learn). SQL & Data Infrastructure: Proficiency with large scale databases (BigQuery, Snowflake, Redshift, etc.) and ETL processes. Data Visualization: Expertise in tools like Power BI, Tableau, or Looker to present complex insights in clear and actionable formats. Cross Functional Leadership: Experience leading cross departmental teams and driving collaboration between marketing, IT, and business units. AI Knowledge: Familiarity with AI tools for inbound marketing and customer engagement is a plus. Key Selling Points: Competitive Compensation: Base salary of $190K $240K, plus a 20% bonus and equity incentives that could significantly increase your total compensation. Equity Incentives: Leadership roles come with equity incentives, aligned with company performance and exit goals, offering a direct financial stake in the company’s success. High Growth Potential: This is a unique opportunity to make an impact in a company poised for strong growth and a potential exit within the next 2 5 years. Influence and Impact: Be part of a mission driven organization where your work directly contributes to improving higher education for students nationwide. Dynamic Culture: Join a forward thinking, results oriented company that fosters innovation and collaboration across teams. If you are a visionary leader with a passion for using data to transform marketing strategies, the company offers a compelling opportunity to make your mark in a rapidly evolving industry. Don’t miss out on this exciting leadership role! show less",,United States,Remote,"$190K/yr - $240K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4079145909/
"Director, Marketing Analytics - Retail Media Network",Petco,"Create a healthier, brighter future for pets, pet parents and people! If you want to make a real difference, create an exciting career path, feel welcome to be your whole self and nurture your wellbeing, Petco is the place for you. Our core values capture that spirit as we work to improve lives by doing what’s right for pets, people and our planet. We love all pets like our own We’re the future of the pet industry We’re here to improve lives We drive outstanding results together We’re welcome as we are Petco is a category defining health and wellness company focused on improving the lives of pets, pet parents and Petco partners. We are 29,000 strong and operate 1,500+ pet care centers in the U.S., Mexico and Puerto Rico, including 250+ Vetco Total Care hospitals, hundreds of preventive care clinics and eight distribution centers. We’re focused on purpose driven work, and strongly believe what’s good for pets, people and our planet is good for Petco. Director, Marketing Analytics Position Overview We are seeking a talented and experienced individual to lead our Retail Media Analytics team. As the Director for Retail Media Analytics, you will play a critical role in building and developing our retail media analytics portfolio and setting the strategic direction for retail media analytics here at Petco. We are looking for a data driven leader who has immense focus on delivering strong insights to drive industry leading marketing performance for our retail media clients. Leadership and communication are key as you provide strategic recommendations to optimize client relationships and drive business growth. The ideal candidate has a strong track record of leading analytical teams across marketing channels and/or retail (eCom/in store), as well as excellent communication skills to present complex findings concisely with a strong focus on data accuracy and integrity. Responsibilities Data Automation & Reporting Lead the team in owning client contractually obligated reporting on a monthly and quarterly basis ensuring reports are delivered timely and accurately throughout the year Collaborate with cross functional teams including data engineering, marketing channels, marketing technology, etc… to automate reporting where feasible and trouble shoot data issues to ensure data integrity Develop additional reporting when clients’ needs change with a focus to their performance goals Marketing Performance Analyses: Play a leadership role with your team to consolidate and analyze data to tell a cohesive story with impactful insights to clients and marketing channels. Conduct in depth analysis for different brands and clients and provide actionable recommendations for growth and marketing optimization in compelling ways Own the breadth of RMN marketing analytics and educate business users in using data, reports, dashboards to drive best in class marketing performance Client Relationship Management: Fully own the analytics client relationship by building solid rapport, demonstrating a deep understanding of the vendor marketing goals and challenges, demonstrating transparency, and delivering actionable recommendations to achieve their goals and aspirations Foster strong working relationships with key clients, acting as the focal point for data and analytical inquiries Collaborate with agencies and across Petco to improve data accuracy, reporting capabilities, and alignment on performance metrics. Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Economics, Statistics, Data Science, or a related field 6+ years of experience in data analysis 4+ years in leadership roles 2+ years of data visualization using tools like Looker, Tableau, etc. 2+ years of data SQL experience Excellent articulate and professional speaking abilities Strong problem solving skills and ability to work both independently and collaboratively in a fast paced dynamic environment Preferred Qualifications Previous experience working in retail marketing analytic roles Experience using web and app analytics tools such as Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, etc.. Experience using programming languages such as Python/R Experience in advertising effectiveness analysis, marketing mix modeling, multi touch attribution and ROI measurement Strong understanding of A/B testing If you are a motivated, analytical leader with a passion for building relationships with multiple retail media clients through data driven insights, we invite you to apply for the Director RMN Analytics role. Join our team and contribute to driving strategic growth and operational excellence across Petco’s Retail Media Network. Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. The pay ranges outlined below are presented in accordance with state specific regulations. These ranges may differ in other areas and could be subject to variation based on regulatory minimum wage requirements. Actual pay rates will depend on factors such as position, location, level of experience, and applicable state or local minimum wage laws. If the regulatory minimum wage exceeds the minimum indicated in the pay range below, the regulatory minimum wage will be the minimum rate applied. $190,800.00 $286,100.00 / year For a more detailed overview of Petco Total Rewards, including health and financial benefits, 401K, incentives, and PTO see https://careers.petco.com/us/en/key benefits To translate this webpage to Spanish or other languages on your internet browser click the translate button to the right of your browser address bar. Additional instruction can be found here: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/173424?hl=en GB&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop Para Traducir Esta Página Web Al Español u Otros Idiomas En Su Navegador De Internet, Haga Clic En El Botón De Traducción a La Derecha De La Barra De Direcciones De Su Navegador. Puede Encontrar Instrucciones Adicionales Aquí https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/173424?hl=en GB&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop show less",,"San Diego, CA",Onsite,"$190.8K/yr - $286.1K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4085015904/
Director of Marketing Analytics,TBG | The Bachrach Group,"Our team is partnering with an innovative consumer product company seeking to add a Director of Marketing Analytics – E commerce to their team. Where: Remote Pay: $150 200k + Bonus DOE The ideal candidate will excel at engaging audiences across various e commerce channels and possess strong analytical skills to interpret and present data, enabling strategic decisions on budget and channel optimization. Experience managing direct reports is also required. Required experience and what you will do: 7+ years experience focused on analytics across multiple e commerce channels Experience with SQL, Power BI and Python is a plus Understand a variety of statistic and predictive analytics and capability to design complex systems Design and manage attribution models to represent conversion paths and customer journeys that enable teams to make data driven decisions around budget and optimization Excel in team leadership and communicating through organization up to C suite experience with direct reports (hiring and managing). Experience working cross functionally and being the analytical leadership SME for the company Document and develop processes around data to ensure regulatory compliance Degree in analytics, mathematics, statistics or other high level degree where data is utilized If this position interests you and you meet the qualifications, you are encouraged to apply. show less",,"Washington, United States",Remote,"$150K/yr - $200K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4115342666/
"Director, Brand Marketing Analytics",Thrivent,"This role is responsible for leading strategic development and execution of our brand measurement and analytics initiatives. The role will collaborate cross functionally with business leadership, marketing, sales and product teams to deliver novel, actionable insights that optimize brand strategy, drive growth, and elevate Thrivent’s market position. The ideal candidate will have a strong analytical background, proven leadership skills, and experience in delivering data driven recommendations to enhance marketing effectiveness and brand performance. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Strategic Leadership: Lead the development of a robust analytics framework to measure brand health, campaign performance, and marketing ROI. Data Analysis & Insights: Leverage data to uncover key insights about consumer behavior, market trends, and competitive performance to inform brand strategies. Performance Measurement: Design and implement metrics, dashboards, and reporting systems that assess the effectiveness of brand marketing campaigns and initiatives. Collaboration: Partner with cross functional teams including Business Strategy, Brand Marketing, Creative, Product, and Finance to align data strategies with business goals. Advanced Analytics: Oversee the use of tools such as predictive modeling, A/B testing, attribution analysis, and other analytical methods to enhance decision making in media investments and optimization. Team Leadership: Mentor and develop a high performing analytics team, fostering a culture of curiosity, innovation, and data driven excellence. Stakeholder Communication: Present findings and actionable recommendations to senior leadership and key stakeholders to influence strategy and drive results. Tools & Technology: Identify and implement the latest analytics tools, technologies, and best practices to improve efficiency and data quality. Recruits, develops, and sustains a high performing team while promoting a culture of shared accountability, operational excellence, and partnership across the organization. Models Thrivent’s leadership competencies – courage, collaboration, and commitment by demonstrating resiliency, working together to make the best decisions, and holding yourself and others accountable. Supports and/or develops an environment in which Thrivent employees and colleagues are focused on continuous improvement, exceptional employee engagement, and an unwavering commitment to our clients. Shapes and/or supports a culture that represents the Thrivent purpose, promise and values, ensuring that Thrivent’s trust and reputation remain strong with its clients. This role is expected to work closely with peer group of Directors and lead a team of individual contributors. The individual should have executive presence and large group presentation skills as this role is expected to have visibility across the enterprise and to Sr. Executives. QUALIFICATIONS & SKILLS: Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Business Analytics, Statistics, Economics, or a related field. Master’s degree preferred. 8 10+ years of experience in marketing analytics, with at least 3 years in a leadership role focused on brand measurement. Experience with developing and/or overseeing attribution solutions highly preferred. Expertise in analytics platforms (e.g., Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, or similar). Proficiency in data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Power BI). Strong statistical analysis skills and familiarity with tools like SQL, Python, or R. Experience in brand marketing analytics across consumer goods, retail, tech, or related industries. Proven ability to lead and inspire analytics teams, drive collaboration, and deliver measurable business impact and working collaboratively with cross functional peers. Exceptional ability to translate complex data into clear, actionable insights for diverse audiences as well as strong presentation skills. Pay Transparency Thrivent’s long term growth depends on attracting, rewarding, and retaining people who are committed to helping others thrive with purpose. We accomplish this by offering a wide variety of market competitive compensation programs to attract, reward, and retain top talent. The applicable salary or hourly wage range for this full time role is $166,184.00 $224,839.00 per year, which factors in various geographic regions. The base pay actually offered will be determined by a variety of factors including, but not limited to, location, relevant experience, skills, and knowledge, business needs, market demand, and other factors Thrivent deems important. Thrivent is unique in our commitment to helping people to be wise with money and live balanced and generous lives. That extends to our benefits. The following benefits may be offered: various bonuses (including, for example, annual or long term incentives); medical, dental, and vision insurance; health savings account; flexible spending account; 401k; pension; life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance; disability insurance; supplemental protection insurance; 20 days of Paid Time Off each year; Sick and Safe Time; 10 paid company holidays; Volunteer Time Off; paid parental leave; EAP; well being benefits, and other employee benefits. Eligibility for receipt of these benefits is subject to the applicable plan/policy documents. Thrivent’s plans/policies are subject to change at any time at Thrivent’s discretion. Thrivent provides Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) without regard to race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable local, state, or federal law. This policy applies to all employees and job applicants. Thrivent is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation, please let us know by sending an email to human.resources@thrivent.com or call 800 847 4836 and request Human Resources. show less",,United States,Remote,"$166.2K/yr - $224.8K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4106895139/
Marketing Analytics and Portfolio Optimization Lead,Pfizer,"Role Summary Want to be at the forefront of transforming customer data into actionable strategies that drive growth and enhance customer experiences. The Marketing and Promotional Optimization Lead is a highly visible and pivotal role within Pfizer’s Data Science team, central to our modern, data driven marketing strategy. This position offers an exciting opportunity to shape the future of our marketing efforts through innovative data science techniques and strategic insights. As the driving force behind our marketing mix and promotional optimization, you will play a crucial role in influencing key business decisions and steering our marketing initiatives towards success. Your expertise in storytelling and executive influence will ensure that complex data insights are translated into compelling narratives that resonate with senior leadership and stakeholders across the organization. In this dynamic role, you will lead a talented team of data scientists and marketing analysts, fostering a culture of innovation and continuous improvement. Your ability to build strong relationships and collaborate effectively with cross functional teams will be essential in aligning our marketing strategies with broader business objectives. Role Responsibilities Maintain and Modernize Marketing Mix Modeling Program Lead the development and implementation of advanced marketing mix models to measure the effectiveness of various marketing channels and tactics. Act as the ambassador of data driven marketing and solidify the central role of Marketing ROI in the marketing and sales analytics ecosystem. Create a roadmap of marketing mix capability evolution and manage the team and cross functional partners to achieve roadmap milestones. Is accountable for creating an environment where continuous improvement and innovation are embedded in day to day operations across own Enterprise or Division Link Marketing Mix program with other analytic capabilities (Engagement Analytics, Creative Testing, Audience Analytics, Forecasting, Patient Funnel Analytics) to create a central hub of intelligence of drivers of ROI excellence. Manage a team of onshore and offshore data scientists analyzing historical data to identify key drivers of marketing performance and providing actionable insights to optimize marketing spend. Provide ongoing consulting on Promotional Resource Allocation Provide executive stakeholders, business unit leaders, and brand marketers with ongoing consulting on allocation of resources in Marketing, Sales, etc using Marketing Mix and other analytics techniques. Back up analytics with solid story telling and implementation support. Craft compelling narratives that translate complex data insights into clear, actionable business strategies. Present findings and recommendations to senior leadership, influencing strategic decisions and driving organizational change. Influences senior leadership of Pfizer and/or external environment Collaborate with cross functional teams to integrate marketing mix models into strategic planning and decision making processes. Embed Customer Data Science into Marketing and Media Manage capabilities that utilize machine learning and statistical techniques to segment customers, predict behaviors, and personalize marketing efforts. Develop and manage a personalized Paid Owned Earned Media targeting capability based on channel and content propensities and personalization techniques. Create and implement a roadmap of new analytics capabilities to modernize data driven marketing Develop and implement multi year roadmaps of marketing analytics innovation along channel/ campaign/ creative/ targeting dimensions. Serves as strategic advisor on key organization wide initiatives that may impact Enterprise or Division operational or functional excellence Create compelling business cases and executive stories for analytics evolution and act as ambassador of marketing analytics innovation. Decisions have long term organizational impact across Enterprise and may entail significant risk or business opportunity; Ensures strategies / solutions address emerging business issues and challenges Design, manage and lead a high performing team Lead and mentor a team of data scientists and marketing analysts, fostering a culture of innovation and continuous improvement. Keep pace with marketing and media analytics innovation. Constantly evolve methodology, support model, resourcing to stay on the cutting edge of marketing analytics. Facilitate cross functional collaboration, ensuring that marketing strategies are integrated and aligned with broader business goals. Work with data engineering teams to ensure data quality and integrity, implementing best practices for data governance and compliance. Design and Evolve User Experience for the Marketing Mix Program Design seamless experiences for executives and marketers to interact with marketing mix program: through the right colleague support model and self serve tool stack. Maintain resourcing and budget for the program, constantly increasing ROI on the program: through automation, simplification, self serve capabilities, and implementation support. Basic Qualifications 12+ years of increased experience in marketing mix modeling, campaign optimization, and customer data science. Less with advanced degree. Bachelor's Degree Required Strong analytical skills with proficiency in statistical software and programming languages (e.g., R, Python, SQL). Excellent leadership and communication skills, with the ability to influence and drive change. Experience in a highly matrixed environments. Experience creating analytics programs and products. Strong acumen in analytics product lifecycles. Proven experience of building analytics capabilities from basic to advanced – including road mapping, business case formulation, resourcing, budgeting, and enablement Experience embedding analytics into workflows and managing a full stack development team. Preferred Qualifications Advanced degree in Marketing, Data Science, Statistics, or a related field. Experience in Pharma, with proven knowledge of DTC and HCP Marketing principles. Content and creative analytics experience – using outcomes based techniques. Proven experience linking marketing mix with research techniques and other analytics capabilities with analytic ecosystem principles. Experience with Dataiku. Other Job Details: Work location: Flexible; 2 3 days onsite/week Last Day to Apply: January 8, 2025 The annual base salary for this position ranges from $205,400.00 to $342,400.00. In addition, this position is eligible for participation in Pfizer’s Global Performance Plan with a bonus target of 25.0% of the base salary and eligibility to participate in our share based long term incentive program. We offer comprehensive and generous benefits and programs to help our colleagues lead healthy lives and to support each of life’s moments. Benefits offered include a 401(k) plan with Pfizer Matching Contributions and an additional Pfizer Retirement Savings Contribution, paid vacation, holiday and personal days, paid caregiver/parental and medical leave, and health benefits to include medical, prescription drug, dental and vision coverage. Learn more at Pfizer Candidate Site – U.S. Benefits | (uscandidates.mypfizerbenefits.com). Pfizer compensation structures and benefit packages are aligned based on the location of hire. The United States salary range provided does not apply to Tampa, FL or any location outside of the United States. Relocation assistance may be available based on business needs and/or eligibility. Sunshine Act Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative. EEO & Employment Eligibility Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E Verify employer. This position requires permanent work authorization in the United States. Marketing and Market Research show less",,"New York, NY",Search Engine Marketing (SEM) Lead - Remote with verification,"$205.4K/yr - $342.4K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4109240265/
Senior Data Analyst - Marketing Analytics,Spotter,"Overview Spotter is a platform for Creators, providing services and software designed to accelerate growth for the world’s best Creators and brands. Creators working with Spotter can access the capital, knowledge, community, and personalized AI software products they need to succeed. With unique knowledge of how Creators work, the resources they need to grow, and the challenges they face, Spotter is empowering top YouTube Creators to succeed. Spotter has already deployed over $940 million to YouTube Creators to reinvest in themselves and accelerate their growth, with plans to reach $1 billion in investment by 2024. With a premium catalog that spans over 725,000 videos, Spotter generates more than 88 billion monthly watch time minutes, delivering a unique scaled media solution to Advertisers and Ad Agencies that is transparent, efficient, and 100% brand safe. For more information about Spotter, please visit https://spotter.com. What You’ll Do Spotter’s mission is to give creators access to tools, knowledge, community, and capital so their creativity can change the world. The Senior Data Analyst Marketing Analytics plays a vital role in that mission by leading analysis and the quantitative strategy for the funnel of our Spotter Studio business. You will work closely with our marketing and product growth teams to surface key insights about user behavior, funnel dynamics and marketing channel effectiveness to shape the future of Spotter’s game changing tools and services for creators. Responsibilities Build out marketing analytics for the Spotter Studio business Develop and implement customer segmentation using advanced analytics techniques, such as clustering, predictive modeling, and classification and regression trees to identify actionable insights and improve targeted marketing efforts Collaborate with marketing and product growth teams to establish measurement tools, document and communicate measurement logic, and democratize availability of product performance data Influence and establish strategies based on insights from our data Develop and maintain dashboards and reporting tools to track marketing performance, monitor key metrics, communicate insights and give recommendations to stakeholders Constantly monitor these metrics, investigating anomalies, coming up with theories and sharing insights and finding Partner with product, marketing and engineering to design measurement into new feature releases during requirements stage, prep and QA reports prior to launch, and follow up after launch Support product learning goals, deploy multivariate tests, and synthesize analytical results into practical recommendations that inform key business decisions Support data driven decision making processes, advocating for the use of analytics and empirical evidence in product decision making Guide stakeholders in usage of reporting and analytics Who You Are 5 7 years of work experience in analytical/quantitative roles 4+ years experience with marketing analytics for SaaS / subscription based products Churn and retention analysis experience Knowledge of and experience with marketing analytics tools (Google Analytics, Heap, Amplitude, Adobe Analytics etc.) Deep knowledge and experience in digital marketing attribution Excellent communication and storytelling skills for technical and non technical audiences Strong proficiency using SQL and/or Python / R for ad hoc analysis Proficient in PowerPoint and / or Google Slides Ability to troubleshoot data related issues BS in a data/analytics, technical or math oriented discipline Note: Due to the proliferation of similarly capable business products today, skills in equivalent products are acceptable Preferred Qualifications Experience designing, conducting, and analyzing results from A/B multivariate tests Knowledge of YouTube and / or the Creator Economy Experience with data visualization tools in any of the following: Power BI TIBCO Spotfire Looker Tableau Why Spotter Medical and vision insurance covered up to 100% Dental insurance 401(k) matching Stock options Complimentary gym access Autonomy and upward mobility Diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture, where your voice matters In compliance with local law, we are disclosing the compensation, or a range thereof, for roles that will be performed in Culver City. Actual salaries will vary and may be above or below the range based on various factors including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and other business and organizational needs. A reasonable estimate of the current pay range is: $150K $170K salary per year. The range listed is just one component of Spotter’s total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include an annual discretionary bonus and equity. Spotter is an equal opportunity employer. Spotter does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, religion, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic characteristics or information, marital status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, and related medical conditions), gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, use of or request for family or medical leave, political affiliation, or any other status protected under applicable federal, state or local laws. Equal access to programs, services and employment is available to all persons. Those applicants requiring reasonable accommodations as part of the application and/or interview process should notify a representative of the Human Resources Department. show less",,"Culver City, CA",Onsite,$150K/yr - $170K/yr,https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4045197112/
Director Marketing Analytics,Universal Audio,"Department: Marketing Location: Remote* *Travel: This role will require travel 6+ times per year to UA HQ (Scotts Valley, CA.) *International Talent: Unfortunately, at this time we are unable to consider candidates who reside outside of the United States. The Director of Marketing Analytics will lead our marketing analytics efforts and be crucial in driving data driven decision making across the marketing organization. This leadership role will be responsible for developing and implementing a comprehensive marketing analytics strategy, building and managing a high performing team and delivering actionable insights that inform and optimize marketing efforts. Responsibilities: Work in partnership with key functions and senior marketing leadership to support marketing goals with appropriate analysis (including metrics, reports, analysis, summaries, conclusions, and recommendations) Lead and manage a team of marketing analysts, providing coaching, and mentorship, and fostering a culture of testing and continuous learning and development. Develop and implement a comprehensive marketing analytics strategy aligned with overall business objectives, focusing on key performance indicators (KPIs) and return on investment (ROI) measurement. Design and execute marketing analytics frameworks and processes to capture, analyze, and interpret data from various marketing channels and sources Translate complex data into actionable insights and compelling narratives for both technical and non technical audiences. Collaborate with cross functional teams—product management, data engineering, and digital—to identify business opportunities and enhance data models, tools, and infrastructure. Identify and implement new methodologies to improve data collection, analysis, and reporting capabilities. Stay up to date on the latest marketing analytics trends, tools, and best practices, and continuously seek opportunities to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of marketing programs. Champion data driven decision making across the organization and foster a culture of data driven marketing. Qualifications: Proven track record of leading and managing a team of marketing analysts. Strong understanding of marketing analytics methodologies, including data collection, analysis, and visualization. Experience with marketing attribution modeling and marketing mix modeling. Experience with subscription/SaaS analytics is required. Proficiency in SQL and marketing analytics and visualization tools, such as Google Analytics, Heap Analytics, Tableau, and Mar Tech platforms. Excellent communication, presentation, and storytelling skills, with the ability to translate complex data into clear and concise insights for diverse audiences. Strong analytical and problem solving skills with a data driven mindset. Collaborative and results oriented with a strong work ethic and the ability to manage multiple priorities effectively. Education/Experience: A bachelor’s degree in marketing, Statistics, Business, or a relevant field of study and/or equivalent work experience is required. MBA, master’s degree preferred. 10+ years of experience in marketing analytics, marketing research, or a related field. UA Salary Range/Hourly Rate of Pay: California Salary Range = $160K $190K Base salary/hourly rate of pay will be based on the cost of labor for the city/state in which the new hire resides, at the time of hire. UA offers competitive benefits: Profit sharing, Medical/Dental/Vision, 401K Safe Harbor Contribution, Stock Options, Flexible time off (PTO/Sick Leave/Company Holiday Time off), etc. UA Mission: We exist to thrill and inspire music makers everywhere with timeless sound and impeccable craftsmanship, freeing the songs inside and allowing you to sound like the records you love. UA Vision: In the future, music makers around the world will trust Universal Audio as a friend and creative partner, inspiring them to craft amazing records as naturally as playing their first instrument or singing their favorite song. The best home, project, and professional studios will feature most of the UA equipment from floor to ceiling — ranging from audio interfaces and guitar gear to microphones and software — all of it working together to deliver unrivaled sonics and operational symphony. Our customers will eagerly await each new UA product like a hit record or blockbuster movie, trusting that it may spark them to create the best music of their lives. In doing so, UA will become revered worldwide as the way that music is made. Universal Audio is an equal employment opportunity employer. Our policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, mental or physical disability, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. UA also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on these protected categories. show less",2025-01-07 20:28:11.659271,"Scotts Valley, CA",Onsite,"$160K/yr - $190K/yr + Stock options, Profit sharing
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4100016044/
Principal Data Scientist - Marketing Analytics,CVS Health,"Bring your heart to CVS Health. Every one of us at CVS Health shares a single, clear purpose: Bringing our heart to every moment of your health. This purpose guides our commitment to deliver enhanced human centric health care for a rapidly changing world. Anchored in our brand — with heart at its center — our purpose sends a personal message that how we deliver our services is just as important as what we deliver. Our Heart At Work Behaviors™ support this purpose. We want everyone who works at CVS Health to feel empowered by the role they play in transforming our culture and accelerating our ability to innovate and deliver solutions to make health care more personal, convenient and affordable. CVS Health is seeking a Principal Data Science to join our team. As a Principal Data Scientist you will drive the next level of growth with CVS Health with a bold new approach to total health; a national direct to consumer healthcare brand reaching millions of prospects and members. Additionally, you will leverage data analytics to gain deep knowledge of the customer experience, use data and analytics to optimize marketing campaigns, and develop strategies through insights to attract new members and keep our current ones happy and healthy. As a key leader of the team, you will bridge the marketing strategy and technical deployment of many different consumer and member journeys across multiple digital touchpoints. Responsibilities Develop marketing audiences, set up test designs and strategies, and communicate out results for and insights for marketing programs Create consumer and member audiences through use of targeting models and consumer health preference segmentation Connect audiences to targeted media across multiple digital channels and experiences Track consumers and members across multiple touchpoints along the journey from consumer to member including digital advertising, web visits, and call center interactions Construct datasets for reporting and dashboards for monitoring marketing program progress across multiple touchpoints Launch, measure and report on A/B and multi variate tests to improve program performance across key indicators Mine data for insights and performance improvement opportunities to continually enhance consumer and member journeys Engage with marketing and business stakeholders to develop go to market plans, support marketing strategies with data driven insights, and lead in planning for member growth and retention Manage multiple work streams and projects using excellent time management and planning skills to ensure on time deployment and high quality results Utilize excellent data storytelling techniques to create presentations and content that easily communicates answers to complex problems in a clear and compelling way; present to leadership Build strong relationships with business, marketing, tech partners; serve as an advisor and advocate for the solutions designed by the analytics team Required Technical Qualifications Hands on technical skills to act as technical Data Science practitioner 10+ years of relevant analytic experience 5+ years using R or Python 5+ years of experience in SQL at advanced level 3+ years of Tableau or React to build dashboards and data products Required Business Qualifications Direct to consumer marketing experience in a digital first business Familiar and fluent in web, paid digital media measurement and optimization (Adobe Analytics/ Customer Journey Analytics, Liveramp experience preferred) Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to business partners Ability to effectively influence stakeholders and become a trusted partner that is indispensable Strong knowledge of advanced analytics tools and methodologies to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources, build models, and consumer segmentation Demonstrates proficiency in most areas of mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling with in depth specialization in some areas Education Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, or related discipline. Master’s degree preferred Pay Range The Typical Pay Range For This Role Is $144,200.00 $288,400.00 This pay range represents the base hourly rate or base annual full time salary for all positions in the job grade within which this position falls. The actual base salary offer will depend on a variety of factors including experience, education, geography and other relevant factors. This position is eligible for a CVS Health bonus, commission or short term incentive program in addition to the base pay range listed above. This position also includes an award target in the company’s equity award program. In addition to your compensation, enjoy the rewards of an organization that puts our heart into caring for our colleagues and our communities. The Company offers a full range of medical, dental, and vision benefits. Eligible employees may enroll in the Company’s 401(k) retirement savings plan, and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan is also available for eligible employees. The Company provides a fully paid term life insurance plan to eligible employees, and short term and long term disability benefits. CVS Health also offers numerous well being programs, education assistance, free development courses, a CVS store discount, and discount programs with participating partners. As for time off, Company employees enjoy Paid Time Off (“PTO”) or vacation pay, as well as paid holidays throughout the calendar year. Number of paid holidays, sick time and other time off are provided consistent with relevant state law and Company policies. For more detailed information on available benefits, please visit Benefits | CVS Health We anticipate the application window for this opening will close on: 02/23/2025 Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state and local laws. show less",,"New York, NY",Onsite,"$144.2K/yr - $288.4K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4061715861/
Senior Manager- Marketing Analytics,Tripadvisor,"We believe that we are better together, and at Tripadvisor we welcome you for who you are. Our workplace is for everyone, as is our people powered platform. At Tripadvisor, we want you to bring your unique identities, abilities, and experiences, so we can collectively revolutionize travel and together find the good out there. Tripadvisor provides a unique, global work environment that captures the speed, innovation and excitement of a startup, at a thriving, growing and well established industry brand. At Tripadvisor, you will be part of a dynamic, fun and energetic team where you can immediately make meaningful contributions. Tripadvisor is seeking a passionate marketing analytics expert to guide the financial and performance deconstruction and insight development for Tripadvisor’s Marketing team. Tripadvisor has a sophisticated marketing team which manages SEO, SEM, social, brand, etc across the entire globe for all our major business lines using a variety of advanced tools. In this role, you will provide actionable insights to the marketing teams by analyzing marketing performance including revenue, costs, impressions, profits traffic and engagement data. You will work closely with the leaders of various channels to identify opportunities to optimize traffic, revenue and spend. This role reports into the head of Analytics and has dotted into the Vice President of Global Marketing and has a critical role in driving Tripadvisor’s growth and customer engagement. Your scope is global and so are your stakeholders and your team. You are an experienced and articulate Analytics leader with deep expertise in digital marketing and/or finance. You understand digital marketing and know how to assess its performance. You have a consulting mindset, you partner across the organization and across the globe. You know how to work with and communicate with senior leaders including our head of finance, heard of operations and business line leaders. You thrive on large datasets, enjoy high impact, complex data projects. You have a track record of influencing people, you will have a small team to support your work but you are not afraid of rolling up your sleeves and getting into details. You possess excellent communication skills both written and oral. Tripadvisor has big plans for growth, and in this role you will be key in enabling that rapid growth trajectory. What You Will Do Diagnose, assess, and synthesize holistic marketing performance on a regular cadence — offering channel, category, geo, and competitive insights for the marketing team to action on Represent holistic marketing performance on a regular basis to the marketing leadership team, and key GM business partners Liaise with critical stakeholders across finance, analytics, product, GM, and marketing to surface insights, tackle new risks/opportunities, and/or coordinate new storylines that help diagnose performance or illustrate opportunities Dig deep within key business, customer, and channel metrics to identify trends, insights, and opportunities to surface with leaders across marketing Build structured and automated diagnostic tools and templates to increase efficiency in identifying and surfacing performance trends Use large scale data from Tableau, clickstream, Google, email and other similar large datasets. Use advanced analytics and data science to identify trends, assess marketing test results and develop recommendations Work with data engineering and analytics teams to ensure that reliable and timely data is available for analyses and reporting. Skills & Experience A minimum of 8 years of experience in digital marketing analytics or financial analytics with a clear understanding of core channels like SEO, SEM, Paid Social, CRM, etc is a must. Strong oral and written communication skills Experience of working as an analytics thought leader in a data driven company and aligning with the executive leadership to establish marketing roadmap and drive change. Deep expertise with SQL and Tableau (or similar business intelligence tools) is a must. Experience with Snowflake, Python, R, etc. is desirable. Knowledge of marketing analytics tools and methodologies such as attribution, mix media models, inference models, funnel analysis and exposure to web/app clickstream, SEO, SEM, CRM data etc. are desirable A bachelor’s degree in Economics, Information Systems, Marketing analytics, Mathematics, Business or other related fields. The salary range for this role is $160,000 to $177,000. This is the lowest to highest salary we in good faith believe we would pay for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range. An employee’s pay position within the wage range will be based on several factors including, but limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, geographic location, performance, sales or revenue based metrics, and business or organizational needs. This compensation range may also be modified in the future. We strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all candidates. If you need a reasonable accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please make sure to reach out to your individual recruiter or our team at recruitment@tripadvisor.com #REMOTE show less",,"Needham, MA",Remote,"$160K/yr - $177K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4078698594/
Senior Manager Marketing Analytics,Paylocity,"Job Type Full time Description Paylocity is an award winning provider of cloud based HR and payroll software solutions, offering the most complete platform for the modern workforce. The company has become one of the fastest growing HCM software providers worldwide by offering an intuitive, easy to use product suite that helps businesses automate and streamline HR and payroll processes, attract and retain talent, and build a strong workplace culture. While traditional HR and payroll providers automate basic HR processes such as payroll and benefits administration, Paylocity goes further by developing tools that HR and businesses need to compete for talent and deliver against the expectations of the modern workforce. We give our employees what they need to succeed, including great benefits and perks! We offer medical, dental, vision, life, disability, and a 401(k) match, as well as perks that support you, your family, and your finances. And if it’s career development you desire, we provide that, too! At Paylocity, people matter most and have always been at the heart of our business. As part of the Sales & Marketing team, you’ll help us solve challenges and succeed as you grow and understand the unique needs of our clients and tailor easy to use solutions to deliver the performance they need. With a position in Sales & Marketing, you’ll strengthen our relationships with clients, anticipate their needs, and think outside the box to unlock new possibilities. Position Overview The Senior Marketing Analytics Manager is responsible for managing analytics and reporting and owning the organization and movement of marketing data across the Paylocity marketing data ecosystem. As a Senior Marketing Analytics Manager, you will be a key thought leader in making strategic data driven decisions and developing our marketing data ecosystem, and you will own the development and analysis of performance metrics for targeted campaigns and demand generation strategies as well as report on various marketing projects to scale our strategic capabilities. You will be advising on process improvement and consulting on scaling data collection, reporting, and analytics. Core to this role is leading a team that is translating data into insights that will direct business strategy for the rest of the marketing and go to market organization. Primary Responsibilities The below represents the primary duties of the position, others may be assigned as needed. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Lead and manage team members in their development of reporting and analytics to answer business questions and develop visualizations, reports, and insights for marketing and sales teams Develop quarterly and annual business goals and prioritize project tasks for a team of analysts and data engineers Direct data modeling architecture for the go to market reporting environment Lead data and tool infrastructure strategy discussions cross functionally across sales, operations, finance, and product teams Develop processes and procedures to ensure accuracy of reporting by validating across multiple data sources (finance, sales, product, operations) and working with cross functional groups Educate cross functional teams on marketing reporting, tools, and data sources providing support and reporting as needed Effectively present analytical results and insights to non technical team members and senior level executives. Deliver reporting to the marketing team and executives on regular cadences (daily/weekly/monthly etc.) Lead marketing analytics priority development for demand generation, product marketing, and corporate marketing teams Work on issues where?analysis of situations or data?requires an in depth knowledge?of organizational objectives Implement strategic policies?when selecting methods,?techniques, and evaluation?criteria for obtaining results Establish and assure?adherence to budgets,?schedules, work plans, and?performance requirements Develop best practices for code review and testing Education And Experience BS in a relevant technical field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or Statistics, or commensurate experience. MBA or Advanced Degree Preferred 7 10 years relevant experience, preferably 5+ years in a B2B SaaS environment. 2+ years of experience as an analytics manager in a go to market function (marketing or sales) 7+ years driving insights with analytics leveraging a deep understanding of the details of how data is created and is used to solve business problems Detailed quantitative analysis expertise to capture insights from data; experience with SQL, R, or Python 5+ years of experience using Business Intelligence tools such as Tableau, Power BI, Looker, etc. 5+ years of experience with data warehouse concepts and ETL/ELT 5+ years of experience with digital analytics (Google Analytics) and/or CRM (Salesforce.com) tools 3+ years measuring effectiveness of digital media and marketing campaigns Experience using Cloud Platforms Strong collaborator—at least 5 years driving cross functional teamwork. Prior experience working with diverse internal stakeholders, including management, sales, and marketing. Ability to adapt and pivot quickly when market conditions and changing priorities. Demonstrated success in driving and completing multiple projects simultaneously and setting priorities, in a fast paced, dynamic environment. Paylocity is an equal opportunity employer. Paylocity is committed to the full inclusion of all individuals. We recruit, train, compensate, and promote regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable law. At Paylocity, we believe diversity makes us better. We embrace and encourage our employees’ differences in age, culture, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion or spiritual belief, sexual orientation, socio economic status, veteran status, and other characteristics that make our employees unique. We actively cultivate these differences through our employee resource groups (ERGs), employee experiences, perspectives, talents, and approaches to drive innovation in the software and services we provide our customers. We comply with federal and state disability laws and make reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. To request reasonable accommodation in the job application or interview process, please contact LeaveBenefits@paylocity.com. This email address is exclusively designated for such requests, aligning with federal and state disability laws. Please do not send resumes to this email address, as they will be removed. This role can be performed from any office in the US. The pay range for this position is $120,000 $160,000/year, however, base pay offered may vary depending on job related knowledge, skills, and experience. This position is eligible for an annual bonus and restricted stock unit grant based on individual performance in addition to a full range of benefits outlined here. This information is provided per the relevant state and local pay transparency laws for the location in which this position will be performed. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via www.paylocity.com/careers. show less",,United States,Remote,$120K/yr - $160K/yr,https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4083547951/
"Lead, Marketing Analytics",ThredUp,"About ThredUp ThredUp is transforming resale with technology and a mission to inspire the world to think secondhand first. By making it easy to buy and sell secondhand, ThredUp has become one of the world's largest online resale platforms for apparel, shoes and accessories. Sellers love ThredUp because we make it easy to clean out their closets and unlock value for themselves or for the charity of their choice while doing good for the planet. Buyers love shopping value, premium and luxury brands all in one place, at up to 90% off estimated retail price. Our proprietary operating platform is the foundation for our managed marketplace and consists of distributed processing infrastructure, proprietary software and systems and data science expertise. With ThredUp’s Resale as a Service, some of the world's leading brands and retailers are leveraging our platform to deliver customizable, scalable resale experiences to their customers. ThredUp has processed over 172 million unique secondhand items from 55,000 brands across 100 categories. By extending the life cycle of clothing, ThredUp is changing the way consumers shop and ushering in a more sustainable future for the fashion industry. Recognized on TIME Most Influential Companies of 2023, Digiday's WorkLife 50 2023, TIME's Best Inventions of 2022, and Lattice's People Success Awards 2022. How You Will Make An Impact: As a Lead, Marketing Analytics at ThredUp, you will be at the forefront of driving our data centric marketing strategy. You will partner with cross functional teams to harness the power of data, delivering insights that fuel growth and innovation. Your mission is to elevate our marketing efforts by developing advanced analytical models, optimizing multi channel campaigns, and enabling data driven decision making. Your work will directly impact our ability to scale efficiently, enhance customer experiences, and lead the resale industry with cutting edge marketing strategies. In This Role You’ll Get To: Drive Data Driven Marketing Strategy: Lead the development and execution of marketing analytics frameworks that guide strategic decisions across all channels, including digital, paid, and email marketing. Optimize Campaign Performance: Utilize advanced analytics to measure, analyze, and optimize marketing campaigns, ensuring maximum ROI and customer engagement. Work with Predictive Models: Support data science to build predictive models and algorithms that forecast marketing outcomes, customer lifetime value, and other key performance indicators. Create Actionable Reporting: Design and implement real time reporting and dashboards that empower teams to self serve with actionable insights, enabling quick adjustments and strategic pivots. Influence Cross Functional Teams: Collaborate closely with product managers, engineers, and data scientists to align marketing strategies with business goals and drive cohesive execution. Cohort & Channel Analysis: Conduct in depth cohort analysis to identify opportunities for personalized marketing and targeted growth strategies. Improve Data Infrastructure, tools, and visualization: Work with data engineering teams to enhance our data infrastructure, ensuring seamless access to high quality data for all stakeholders and enable your stakeholders to self serve with data Strategic Executive Level Reporting: Develop and present executive level reports that distill complex data into clear, strategic insights, influencing decision making at the highest levels. Mentor and Develop Talent: Mentor junior analysts and contribute to a culture of excellence in analytics, fostering continuous learning and innovation within the team. Stay Ahead of Trends: Stay abreast of the latest trends in marketing analytics, bringing innovative approaches and cutting edge tools to ThredUp. What We’re Looking For: Analytical Expertise: 8+ years of extensive experience in marketing analytics, with a deep understanding of executive level and in depth performance reporting and goal tracking, multi channel attribution, customer segmentation, and predictive modeling. Technical Mastery: Proficiency in SQL, Python, R, or other data analytics tools, as well as familiarity with BI platforms like Looker, Tableau, or Google Data Studio. Strategic Vision: Ability to translate data insights into actionable strategies that align with broader business objectives and drive growth. Collaborative Leadership: Proven track record of leading cross functional initiatives, with strong communication skills and the ability to influence stakeholders at all levels. Innovative Mindset: A passion for staying ahead of industry trends, constantly seeking out new tools and methodologies to improve marketing outcomes. Data Storytelling: Exceptional ability to convey complex data insights in a clear and compelling way, tailored to both technical and non technical audiences. Adaptability: Thrive in a fast paced, dynamic environment with a demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects and priorities simultaneously. Growth Focus: An entrepreneurial spirit with a strong desire to contribute to a high growth environment, constantly pushing the boundaries of what’s possible with data. At ThredUp, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. This role pays between $170,000 and $190,000, and your actual base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location. Many ThredUp employees also have the opportunity to own shares of ThredUp stock. ThredUp employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, as well as a discount when purchasing ThredUp stock if voluntarily participating in ThredUp’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Subject to eligibility requirements, you’ll also receive other benefits: Comprehensive medical & dental coverage, vision, 401k, life and disability insurance. This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship. What We Offer: 4 day work week, with Fridays off Hybrid work environment: 3 days in the office and 1 day remote each week Competitive salary (we leverage market data) Many ThredUp employees also have the opportunity to own shares of ThredUp stock and are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards Employee stock purchase plan Flexible PTO (take the time you need) + 13 company holidays Paid Sabbatical after 3 years of full time employment Generous paid parental leave for new mothers and fathers Medical, dental, vision, 401k, life and disability insurance offered We live by our Core Values of Transparency, SpeakingUP, Thinking Big, Infinite Learning, Influencing Outcomes & Seeking the Truth We believe diversity, inclusion and belonging is key for our team At ThredUp, our mission has been built on extending the lives of millions of unique clothing items. Much like our inventory, we are proud to have fostered a workplace that is one of a kind. As a company focused on diversity, inclusion and belonging, we are committed to ensuring our employees are comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work every day. A unique perspective is critical to solving complex problems and inspiring a new generation to think secondhand first. Be you. If you are a candidate with a disability and have a reasonable accommodation request for the job application process, please email disabilitysupport@ThredUp.com the specific details of your disability related accommodation request. This email address is reserved for candidates with disabilities only. General application inquiries will not receive a response. show less",,"Oakland, CA",Search Engine Marketing (SEM) Lead - Remote with verification,"$170K/yr - $190K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4057318381/
"Sr. Business Intelligence Engineer, SMB Marketing Analytics",Amazon,"Description Does designing, building and maintaining enterprise level analytics and data infrastructure excite you? SMB Marketing Analytics team has an opportunity for you. Amazon Advertising operates at the intersection of e commerce and advertising, offering a rich array of digital advertising solutions with the goal of helping our customers find and discover anything they want to buy. We help advertisers reach Amazon customers on Amazon owned and operated sites and on other high quality sites across the web. We start with the customer and work backwards in everything we do, including advertising. We are highly motivated, collaborative, and fun loving team with an entrepreneurial spirit (“it’s always Day1”) and bias for action. SMB Marketing Analytics team supports SMB Marketing team in delivering highly relevant and personalized marketing content to majority of current and prospective advertisers. In this role, you will work with 10+ highly motivated team members and will be responsible for designing, building and maintaining data infrastructure, creating automated reporting and dashboards, designing and measuring experiments, and executing complex analysis to support business functions. In This Role You Will Design, develop and maintain scaled, automated, user friendly systems, reports, APIs, dashboards, etc. that will support our business needs. Partner with operations/business/science/tech teams to consult, develop and implement KPIs, automated reporting/process solutions, and data infrastructure improvements to meet business needs. Help drive new initiatives and data integration projects and apply your deep analytic and business intelligence skills to extract meaningful insight and learning from large and complicated data sets. Serve as liaison between the business and product/science teams to prototype new marketing solutions and perform ad hoc investigations into future improvements or innovations. This will require data gathering and manipulation, synthesis and modeling, problem solving, and communication of insights and recommendations Key job responsibilities Own the design, development, and maintenance of datasets, ongoing metrics, analyses and dashboards to drive key business decisions. Develop queries and visualizations for ad hoc requests and projects, as well as ongoing reporting. Continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, automating or simplifying self service support for customers. Use analytical and statistical rigor to identify performance gaps and opportunities for optimization. Build data infrastructure in collaboration with partner tech teams to facilitate scaling up various marketing initiatives. Support central BI team in reporting on global marketing efforts. Promote best practices in ETL and mentor your team. A day in the life Use technical expertise to suggest ways to improve processes and incorporate operational excellence best practices Use analytical and statistical rigor to answer business questions and drive business decisions Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, design, analysis, validation, and documentation Improve the Knowledge management environment by providing guidance in technical documentation Basic Qualifications 8+ years of professional or military experience 5+ years of SQL experience Experience programming to extract, transform and clean large (multi TB) data sets Experience in scripting for automation (e.g. Python) and advanced SQL skills. Experience in the data/BI space Preferred Qualifications Experience working directly with business stakeholders to translate between data and business needs Experience managing, analyzing and communicating results to senior leadership Experience with statistical analytics and programming languages such as R, Python, Ruby, etc. Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $117,300/year in our lowest geographic market up to $202,800/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site. Company Amazon.com Services LLC Job ID: A2827029 show less",,"New York, United States",Onsite,"$117.3K/yr - $202.8K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4074709043/
"Sr. Marketing Analytics Manager, Veeqo",Amazon,"Description Veeqo (veeqo.com) — a startup acquired by Amazon in 2021 — is Amazon's recommended shipping solution for sellers. Our vision is to become the back office hub for ecommerce sellers, for both their on Amazon and off Amazon business. We help sellers manage fulfillment operations across all their online stores, and ship orders to customers at the lowest cost and in the fastest possible time. The Role The Veeqo marketing team is seeking a highly technical and analytically skilled Sr. Marketing Analytics Manager with deep MarTech expertise and exceptional data visualization skills to join our team. This role will focus on leveraging advanced marketing technologies, creating impactful dashboards, and developing sophisticated data visualizations to drive data informed decision making across the marketing organization. The successful candidate will work closely with technical account reps and internal stakeholders to build and maintain robust reporting dashboards and systems, with a particular emphasis on Adobe and Salesforce ecosystems. This role requires an individual with a deep passion for marketing technology and data visualization, excellent analytical abilities, and outstanding business acumen. The successful candidate should have a keen eye for design and the ability to translate complex data into clear, actionable insights through visually compelling dashboards. The ideal candidate will bridge the gap between marketing strategy, technical implementation, and data communication. Key job responsibilities Serve as the primary expert for our MarTech stack, with a focus on Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, Adobe Customer Journey Analytics, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Snowflake, and internal Data Tools. Design, implement, and maintain advanced marketing dashboards using tools such as QuickSite, Metabase, and Excel, integrating data from various marketing channels and MarTech platforms. Leverage Adobe Customer Journey Analytics to enable deep analysis of customer journeys across multiple touchpoints and channels. Design and implement multi touch attribution models that accurately reflect the impact of various marketing channels and campaigns on business outcomes. Create sophisticated, interactive data visualizations that effectively communicate complex marketing insights to stakeholders at all levels of the organization. Establish and maintain API connections between various MarTech tools and data visualization platforms to ensure seamless data flow and up to date reporting. Basic Qualifications 6+ years of professional non internship marketing experience 5+ years of experience in marketing technology, analytics, and data visualization Proficient in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Metabase, Quicksite, Power BI, or Looker Experience working with large datasets and complex data structures in a marketing context Strong SQL skills for complex data manipulation and analysis Demonstrated experience in establishing API connections and integrating various MarTech solutions Preferred Qualifications Hands on experience setting up/onboarding data pipelines and structures for Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, and Adobe Customer Journey Analytics Experience working in B2B or SaaS Experience with Salesforce Marketing Cloud Strong understanding of various attribution methodologies (e.g., first touch, last touch, linear, time decay, data driven) Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how we hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner. Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $128,600/year in our lowest geographic market up to $212,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site. Company Amazon.com Services LLC Job ID: A2826968 show less",,"Bellevue, WA",Onsite,"$128.6K/yr - $212.6K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4074371057/
"Sr. Marketing Analytics Manager, Veeqo",Amazon,"Description Veeqo (veeqo.com) — a startup acquired by Amazon in 2021 — is Amazon's recommended shipping solution for sellers. Our vision is to become the back office hub for ecommerce sellers, for both their on Amazon and off Amazon business. We help sellers manage fulfillment operations across all their online stores, and ship orders to customers at the lowest cost and in the fastest possible time. The Role The Veeqo marketing team is seeking a highly technical and analytically skilled Sr. Marketing Analytics Manager with deep MarTech expertise and exceptional data visualization skills to join our team. This role will focus on leveraging advanced marketing technologies, creating impactful dashboards, and developing sophisticated data visualizations to drive data informed decision making across the marketing organization. The successful candidate will work closely with technical account reps and internal stakeholders to build and maintain robust reporting dashboards and systems, with a particular emphasis on Adobe and Salesforce ecosystems. This role requires an individual with a deep passion for marketing technology and data visualization, excellent analytical abilities, and outstanding business acumen. The successful candidate should have a keen eye for design and the ability to translate complex data into clear, actionable insights through visually compelling dashboards. The ideal candidate will bridge the gap between marketing strategy, technical implementation, and data communication. Key job responsibilities Serve as the primary expert for our MarTech stack, with a focus on Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, Adobe Customer Journey Analytics, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Snowflake, and internal Data Tools. Design, implement, and maintain advanced marketing dashboards using tools such as QuickSite, Metabase, and Excel, integrating data from various marketing channels and MarTech platforms. Leverage Adobe Customer Journey Analytics to enable deep analysis of customer journeys across multiple touchpoints and channels. Design and implement multi touch attribution models that accurately reflect the impact of various marketing channels and campaigns on business outcomes. Create sophisticated, interactive data visualizations that effectively communicate complex marketing insights to stakeholders at all levels of the organization. Establish and maintain API connections between various MarTech tools and data visualization platforms to ensure seamless data flow and up to date reporting. Basic Qualifications 6+ years of professional non internship marketing experience 5+ years of experience in marketing technology, analytics, and data visualization Proficient in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Metabase, Quicksite, Power BI, or Looker Experience working with large datasets and complex data structures in a marketing context Strong SQL skills for complex data manipulation and analysis Demonstrated experience in establishing API connections and integrating various MarTech solutions Preferred Qualifications Hands on experience setting up/onboarding data pipelines and structures for Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, and Adobe Customer Journey Analytics Experience working in B2B or SaaS Experience with Salesforce Marketing Cloud Strong understanding of various attribution methodologies (e.g., first touch, last touch, linear, time decay, data driven) Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how we hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner. Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $128,600/year in our lowest geographic market up to $212,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site. Company Amazon.com Services LLC Job ID: A2826968 show less",,"Austin, TX",Onsite,"$128.6K/yr - $212.6K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4074365889/
"Director, Marketing Analytics & Measurement",Ovative Group,"About Ovative Group Ovative Group is the premier independent media and measurement firm in the United States. We help trailblazers in fast growing, customer centric organizations across industries reinvent their marketing and measurement programs. We leverage our media, measurement, and consulting capabilities to help brands like Domino’s, Facebook, The Home Depot, CVS, Disney, and UnitedHealth Group transform their media and marketing programs. Our proprietary approach to measuring and optimizing marketing investment decisions, Enterprise Marketing Return (EMR), is disrupting the industry and setting the gold standard for customer and marketing strategy, activation, and measurement. Recognized eight consecutive years on Star Tribune’s list of Top 150 Workplaces and five years on Inc. 5000’s list of the fastest growing private companies in America, we pride ourselves in always overdelivering for our clients, our teams, and our communities. About The Role Ovative’s company vision is to “Transform the measure of marketing success” and the Measurement Solutions team is a critical driver of our differentiation and success. The Measurement Solutions team is responsible for turning data into action for our clients. We help to simplify the complexities of Marketing Measurement and provide our clients with the confidence to make decisions that drive real impact to their business. In this role, you’ll drive the measurement strategy and execution for a portfolio of clients. You’ll lead a team of measurement experts responsible for developing measurement strategies, managing data processes, implementing MMM and MTA solutions, leading testing & experimentation, generating standard and ad hoc reporting, and performing analyses leading to insights and action. Your team will leverage a mix of Ovative propriety tech through our EMRge solution, as well as, best in class 3rd party tools and solutions to meet your client’s needs. You’ll partner closely with internal Data Science, Client Services, Media Activation, and Product teams, and you’ll interact directly with key client stakeholders, ranging from C level executives to functional operators across media, finance and analytics functions. This role has the opportunity to drive significant value for Ovative and our clients. You’ll be at the forefront of a rapidly evolving industry, facing challenging problems, and surrounded by a world class team. If you thrive in a fast paced environment that requires innovative and structured thinking and problem solving, this role will be a great fit. Responsibilities Team Leadership & Empowering Others: Lead, manage, and develop multiple teams of high performing marketing measurement experts Manage and develop individual team leaders, supporting career growth and individual success Partner with other Measurement Solutions leaders to drive the direction, vision, roadmap, and execution of the Measurement Solutions team strategy Define and drive strategy across team structure, roles, development, and clients Work across internal Ovative teams to move roadblocks, figure out new solutions, and find ways to achieve Ovative goals working together Lead efforts to grow and evolve our Measurement skills, knowledge, toolset, product offerings, and culture Client Engagement: Work with leadership (client and internal) to review services, identifying areas for improvement and altering strategies and scope Show up as senior measurement leader during crucial client moments to support the team and help guide everyone to successful outcomes Provide business development support, assisting with strategy/messaging and liaising with prospective clients to refine scopes of work Thought Leadership: Address complex, open ended analytics requests in a structured manner (often by working with your teams and other Ovative partners or clients) Identify & focus on what matters most to move the client's business forward Lead efforts to grow and evolve our consulting & advisory skills to drive project based expansions with new and existing clients Subject matter expertise: Develop deep understanding of marketing measurement technology and how it impacts data/analytics/clients business Connect client data/business trends and tell a compelling story to clients and other partners in order to provide clarity and help leaders understand business Help connect the measurement work Ovative does to our clients business models, goals, and challenges Ovative Leadership: Join the extended Leadership Team at Ovative: participate in several monthly leadership forums focused on team, business, client, and strategic initiatives; regularly interact with the founder and CEO on important efforts to strengthen and grow Ovative Engage in and lead strategic internal initiatives across Ovative, bringing forward subject matter expertise and structured problem solving approaches to build foundation for growth Support Ovative’s own strategy development and strategic planning process, along with the Measurement team’s strategy Requirements & Skills Needed 7 10 years of experience working with clients (internal or external) 3+ years experience managing team(s) of 5+ size Experience within marketing industry (digital marketing preferred) Experience working with MMM/MTA marketing models Experience with designing and reading media tests & experiments Experience managing large data sets and summarizing in useful reporting views Excellent communicator & collaborator between multiple stakeholders & partners Experience communicating and partnering with executive leaders (Directors, VPs, CMOs, CFOs, etc) Must be able to thrive working in ambiguous situations Action oriented, self driven hunger to take immediate action and make decisions quickly Prefer experience working with web analytics data, such as digital marketing analytics software (Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, ViQ, etc) Prefer experience connecting complex marketing data & situations into tangible actions to progress initiatives forward Pay Transparency At Ovative, we offer a transparent view into three core components of your total compensation package: Base Salary, Annual Bonus, and Benefits. The salary range for this position below is inclusive of an annual bonus. Actual offers are made with consideration for relevant experience and anticipated impact. Additional benefits information is provided below. For our Director positions, our compensation ranges from $123,000 to $228,000, which is inclusive of a 30% bonus. Benefits Of Working At Ovative Group We provide strong, competitive, holistic benefits that understand the importance of your life inside and out of work. Culture Culture matters and we’ve been recognized as a Top Workplace for eight years running because of it. We demand trust and transparency from each other. We believe in doing the hard and complicated work others put off. We’re open in communication and floor plan. We’re flat – our interns sit next to VPs, our analysts work closely with senior leaders, and our CEO interacts with every single person daily. Put together, these elements help foster an environment where smart people can support each other in performing to their highest potential. Compensation and Insurance We strive to hire and retain the best talent. Paying fair, competitive compensation, with a large bonus incentive, and phenomenal health insurance is an important part of this mix. We’re rewarded fairly and when the company performs well, we all benefit. Tangible amenities we enjoy Access to all office spaces in MSP, NYC, and CHI Frequent, paid travel to our Minneapolis headquarters for company events, team events, and in person collaboration with teams. Flexible paid vacation policy 401k match program Top notch health insurance options Monthly stipend for your mobile phone and data plan Sabbatical program Charitable giving via our time and a financial match program Shenanigan’s Day Working at Ovative won’t be easy, but if you like getting your hands dirty, driving results, and being surrounded by the best talent, it’ll be the most rewarding job you’ll ever have. If you think you can make us better, we want to hear from you! show less",,"Chicago, IL",Onsite,"$123K/yr - $228K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4081887090/
"Director, Marketing Analytics & Measurement",Ovative Group,"About Ovative Group Ovative Group is the premier independent media and measurement firm in the United States. We help trailblazers in fast growing, customer centric organizations across industries reinvent their marketing and measurement programs. We leverage our media, measurement, and consulting capabilities to help brands like Domino’s, Facebook, The Home Depot, CVS, Disney, and UnitedHealth Group transform their media and marketing programs. Our proprietary approach to measuring and optimizing marketing investment decisions, Enterprise Marketing Return (EMR), is disrupting the industry and setting the gold standard for customer and marketing strategy, activation, and measurement. Recognized eight consecutive years on Star Tribune’s list of Top 150 Workplaces and five years on Inc. 5000’s list of the fastest growing private companies in America, we pride ourselves in always overdelivering for our clients, our teams, and our communities. About The Role Ovative’s company vision is to “Transform the measure of marketing success” and the Measurement Solutions team is a critical driver of our differentiation and success. The Measurement Solutions team is responsible for turning data into action for our clients. We help to simplify the complexities of Marketing Measurement and provide our clients with the confidence to make decisions that drive real impact to their business. In this role, you’ll drive the measurement strategy and execution for a portfolio of clients. You’ll lead a team of measurement experts responsible for developing measurement strategies, managing data processes, implementing MMM and MTA solutions, leading testing & experimentation, generating standard and ad hoc reporting, and performing analyses leading to insights and action. Your team will leverage a mix of Ovative propriety tech through our EMRge solution, as well as, best in class 3rd party tools and solutions to meet your client’s needs. You’ll partner closely with internal Data Science, Client Services, Media Activation, and Product teams, and you’ll interact directly with key client stakeholders, ranging from C level executives to functional operators across media, finance and analytics functions. This role has the opportunity to drive significant value for Ovative and our clients. You’ll be at the forefront of a rapidly evolving industry, facing challenging problems, and surrounded by a world class team. If you thrive in a fast paced environment that requires innovative and structured thinking and problem solving, this role will be a great fit. Responsibilities Team Leadership & Empowering Others: Lead, manage, and develop multiple teams of high performing marketing measurement experts Manage and develop individual team leaders, supporting career growth and individual success Partner with other Measurement Solutions leaders to drive the direction, vision, roadmap, and execution of the Measurement Solutions team strategy Define and drive strategy across team structure, roles, development, and clients Work across internal Ovative teams to move roadblocks, figure out new solutions, and find ways to achieve Ovative goals working together Lead efforts to grow and evolve our Measurement skills, knowledge, toolset, product offerings, and culture Client Engagement: Work with leadership (client and internal) to review services, identifying areas for improvement and altering strategies and scope Show up as senior measurement leader during crucial client moments to support the team and help guide everyone to successful outcomes Provide business development support, assisting with strategy/messaging and liaising with prospective clients to refine scopes of work Thought Leadership: Address complex, open ended analytics requests in a structured manner (often by working with your teams and other Ovative partners or clients) Identify & focus on what matters most to move the client's business forward Lead efforts to grow and evolve our consulting & advisory skills to drive project based expansions with new and existing clients Subject matter expertise: Develop deep understanding of marketing measurement technology and how it impacts data/analytics/clients business Connect client data/business trends and tell a compelling story to clients and other partners in order to provide clarity and help leaders understand business Help connect the measurement work Ovative does to our clients business models, goals, and challenges Ovative Leadership: Join the extended Leadership Team at Ovative: participate in several monthly leadership forums focused on team, business, client, and strategic initiatives; regularly interact with the founder and CEO on important efforts to strengthen and grow Ovative Engage in and lead strategic internal initiatives across Ovative, bringing forward subject matter expertise and structured problem solving approaches to build foundation for growth Support Ovative’s own strategy development and strategic planning process, along with the Measurement team’s strategy Requirements & Skills Needed 7 10 years of experience working with clients (internal or external) 3+ years experience managing team(s) of 5+ size Experience within marketing industry (digital marketing preferred) Experience working with MMM/MTA marketing models Experience with designing and reading media tests & experiments Experience managing large data sets and summarizing in useful reporting views Excellent communicator & collaborator between multiple stakeholders & partners Experience communicating and partnering with executive leaders (Directors, VPs, CMOs, CFOs, etc) Must be able to thrive working in ambiguous situations Action oriented, self driven hunger to take immediate action and make decisions quickly Prefer experience working with web analytics data, such as digital marketing analytics software (Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, ViQ, etc) Prefer experience connecting complex marketing data & situations into tangible actions to progress initiatives forward Pay Transparency At Ovative, we offer a transparent view into three core components of your total compensation package: Base Salary, Annual Bonus, and Benefits. The salary range for this position below is inclusive of an annual bonus. Actual offers are made with consideration for relevant experience and anticipated impact. Additional benefits information is provided below. For our Director positions, our compensation ranges from $123,000 to $228,000, which is inclusive of a 30% bonus. Benefits Of Working At Ovative Group We provide strong, competitive, holistic benefits that understand the importance of your life inside and out of work. Culture Culture matters and we’ve been recognized as a Top Workplace for eight years running because of it. We demand trust and transparency from each other. We believe in doing the hard and complicated work others put off. We’re open in communication and floor plan. We’re flat – our interns sit next to VPs, our analysts work closely with senior leaders, and our CEO interacts with every single person daily. Put together, these elements help foster an environment where smart people can support each other in performing to their highest potential. Compensation and Insurance We strive to hire and retain the best talent. Paying fair, competitive compensation, with a large bonus incentive, and phenomenal health insurance is an important part of this mix. We’re rewarded fairly and when the company performs well, we all benefit. Tangible amenities we enjoy Access to all office spaces in MSP, NYC, and CHI Frequent, paid travel to our Minneapolis headquarters for company events, team events, and in person collaboration with teams. Flexible paid vacation policy 401k match program Top notch health insurance options Monthly stipend for your mobile phone and data plan Sabbatical program Charitable giving via our time and a financial match program Shenanigan’s Day Working at Ovative won’t be easy, but if you like getting your hands dirty, driving results, and being surrounded by the best talent, it’ll be the most rewarding job you’ll ever have. If you think you can make us better, we want to hear from you! show less",,"Minneapolis, MN",Onsite,"$123K/yr - $228K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4081886278/
"Sr. Marketing Analytics Manager, Veeqo",Amazon,"Description Veeqo (veeqo.com) — a startup acquired by Amazon in 2021 — is Amazon's recommended shipping solution for sellers. Our vision is to become the back office hub for ecommerce sellers, for both their on Amazon and off Amazon business. We help sellers manage fulfillment operations across all their online stores, and ship orders to customers at the lowest cost and in the fastest possible time. The Role The Veeqo marketing team is seeking a highly technical and analytically skilled Sr. Marketing Analytics Manager with deep MarTech expertise and exceptional data visualization skills to join our team. This role will focus on leveraging advanced marketing technologies, creating impactful dashboards, and developing sophisticated data visualizations to drive data informed decision making across the marketing organization. The successful candidate will work closely with technical account reps and internal stakeholders to build and maintain robust reporting dashboards and systems, with a particular emphasis on Adobe and Salesforce ecosystems. This role requires an individual with a deep passion for marketing technology and data visualization, excellent analytical abilities, and outstanding business acumen. The successful candidate should have a keen eye for design and the ability to translate complex data into clear, actionable insights through visually compelling dashboards. The ideal candidate will bridge the gap between marketing strategy, technical implementation, and data communication. Key job responsibilities Serve as the primary expert for our MarTech stack, with a focus on Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, Adobe Customer Journey Analytics, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Snowflake, and internal Data Tools. Design, implement, and maintain advanced marketing dashboards using tools such as QuickSite, Metabase, and Excel, integrating data from various marketing channels and MarTech platforms. Leverage Adobe Customer Journey Analytics to enable deep analysis of customer journeys across multiple touchpoints and channels. Design and implement multi touch attribution models that accurately reflect the impact of various marketing channels and campaigns on business outcomes. Create sophisticated, interactive data visualizations that effectively communicate complex marketing insights to stakeholders at all levels of the organization. Establish and maintain API connections between various MarTech tools and data visualization platforms to ensure seamless data flow and up to date reporting. Basic Qualifications 6+ years of professional non internship marketing experience 5+ years of experience in marketing technology, analytics, and data visualization Proficient in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Metabase, Quicksite, Power BI, or Looker Experience working with large datasets and complex data structures in a marketing context Strong SQL skills for complex data manipulation and analysis Demonstrated experience in establishing API connections and integrating various MarTech solutions Preferred Qualifications Hands on experience setting up/onboarding data pipelines and structures for Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, and Adobe Customer Journey Analytics Experience working in B2B or SaaS Experience with Salesforce Marketing Cloud Strong understanding of various attribution methodologies (e.g., first touch, last touch, linear, time decay, data driven) Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how we hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner. Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $128,600/year in our lowest geographic market up to $212,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site. Company Amazon.com Services LLC Job ID: A2826968 show less",,"Arlington, VA",Onsite,"$128.6K/yr - $212.6K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4074370392/
"Director, Marketing Analytics & Measurement",Ovative Group,"About Ovative Group Ovative Group is the premier independent media and measurement firm in the United States. We help trailblazers in fast growing, customer centric organizations across industries reinvent their marketing and measurement programs. We leverage our media, measurement, and consulting capabilities to help brands like Domino’s, Facebook, The Home Depot, CVS, Disney, and UnitedHealth Group transform their media and marketing programs. Our proprietary approach to measuring and optimizing marketing investment decisions, Enterprise Marketing Return (EMR), is disrupting the industry and setting the gold standard for customer and marketing strategy, activation, and measurement. Recognized eight consecutive years on Star Tribune’s list of Top 150 Workplaces and five years on Inc. 5000’s list of the fastest growing private companies in America, we pride ourselves in always overdelivering for our clients, our teams, and our communities. About The Role Ovative’s company vision is to “Transform the measure of marketing success” and the Measurement Solutions team is a critical driver of our differentiation and success. The Measurement Solutions team is responsible for turning data into action for our clients. We help to simplify the complexities of Marketing Measurement and provide our clients with the confidence to make decisions that drive real impact to their business. In this role, you’ll drive the measurement strategy and execution for a portfolio of clients. You’ll lead a team of measurement experts responsible for developing measurement strategies, managing data processes, implementing MMM and MTA solutions, leading testing & experimentation, generating standard and ad hoc reporting, and performing analyses leading to insights and action. Your team will leverage a mix of Ovative propriety tech through our EMRge solution, as well as, best in class 3rd party tools and solutions to meet your client’s needs. You’ll partner closely with internal Data Science, Client Services, Media Activation, and Product teams, and you’ll interact directly with key client stakeholders, ranging from C level executives to functional operators across media, finance and analytics functions. This role has the opportunity to drive significant value for Ovative and our clients. You’ll be at the forefront of a rapidly evolving industry, facing challenging problems, and surrounded by a world class team. If you thrive in a fast paced environment that requires innovative and structured thinking and problem solving, this role will be a great fit. Responsibilities Team Leadership & Empowering Others: Lead, manage, and develop multiple teams of high performing marketing measurement experts Manage and develop individual team leaders, supporting career growth and individual success Partner with other Measurement Solutions leaders to drive the direction, vision, roadmap, and execution of the Measurement Solutions team strategy Define and drive strategy across team structure, roles, development, and clients Work across internal Ovative teams to move roadblocks, figure out new solutions, and find ways to achieve Ovative goals working together Lead efforts to grow and evolve our Measurement skills, knowledge, toolset, product offerings, and culture Client Engagement: Work with leadership (client and internal) to review services, identifying areas for improvement and altering strategies and scope Show up as senior measurement leader during crucial client moments to support the team and help guide everyone to successful outcomes Provide business development support, assisting with strategy/messaging and liaising with prospective clients to refine scopes of work Thought Leadership: Address complex, open ended analytics requests in a structured manner (often by working with your teams and other Ovative partners or clients) Identify & focus on what matters most to move the client's business forward Lead efforts to grow and evolve our consulting & advisory skills to drive project based expansions with new and existing clients Subject matter expertise: Develop deep understanding of marketing measurement technology and how it impacts data/analytics/clients business Connect client data/business trends and tell a compelling story to clients and other partners in order to provide clarity and help leaders understand business Help connect the measurement work Ovative does to our clients business models, goals, and challenges Ovative Leadership: Join the extended Leadership Team at Ovative: participate in several monthly leadership forums focused on team, business, client, and strategic initiatives; regularly interact with the founder and CEO on important efforts to strengthen and grow Ovative Engage in and lead strategic internal initiatives across Ovative, bringing forward subject matter expertise and structured problem solving approaches to build foundation for growth Support Ovative’s own strategy development and strategic planning process, along with the Measurement team’s strategy Requirements & Skills Needed 7 10 years of experience working with clients (internal or external) 3+ years experience managing team(s) of 5+ size Experience within marketing industry (digital marketing preferred) Experience working with MMM/MTA marketing models Experience with designing and reading media tests & experiments Experience managing large data sets and summarizing in useful reporting views Excellent communicator & collaborator between multiple stakeholders & partners Experience communicating and partnering with executive leaders (Directors, VPs, CMOs, CFOs, etc) Must be able to thrive working in ambiguous situations Action oriented, self driven hunger to take immediate action and make decisions quickly Prefer experience working with web analytics data, such as digital marketing analytics software (Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, ViQ, etc) Prefer experience connecting complex marketing data & situations into tangible actions to progress initiatives forward Pay Transparency At Ovative, we offer a transparent view into three core components of your total compensation package: Base Salary, Annual Bonus, and Benefits. The salary range for this position below is inclusive of an annual bonus. Actual offers are made with consideration for relevant experience and anticipated impact. Additional benefits information is provided below. For our Director positions, our compensation ranges from $123,000 to $228,000, which is inclusive of a 30% bonus. Benefits Of Working At Ovative Group We provide strong, competitive, holistic benefits that understand the importance of your life inside and out of work. Culture Culture matters and we’ve been recognized as a Top Workplace for eight years running because of it. We demand trust and transparency from each other. We believe in doing the hard and complicated work others put off. We’re open in communication and floor plan. We’re flat – our interns sit next to VPs, our analysts work closely with senior leaders, and our CEO interacts with every single person daily. Put together, these elements help foster an environment where smart people can support each other in performing to their highest potential. Compensation and Insurance We strive to hire and retain the best talent. Paying fair, competitive compensation, with a large bonus incentive, and phenomenal health insurance is an important part of this mix. We’re rewarded fairly and when the company performs well, we all benefit. Tangible amenities we enjoy Access to all office spaces in MSP, NYC, and CHI Frequent, paid travel to our Minneapolis headquarters for company events, team events, and in person collaboration with teams. Flexible paid vacation policy 401k match program Top notch health insurance options Monthly stipend for your mobile phone and data plan Sabbatical program Charitable giving via our time and a financial match program Shenanigan’s Day Working at Ovative won’t be easy, but if you like getting your hands dirty, driving results, and being surrounded by the best talent, it’ll be the most rewarding job you’ll ever have. If you think you can make us better, we want to hear from you! show less",,"New York, NY",Onsite,"$123K/yr - $228K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4081885435/
"Marketing Analytics Lead, Amazon Music DISCO",Amazon Music,"Description Amazon Music is an immersive audio entertainment service that deepens connections between fans, artists, and creators. From personalized music playlists to exclusive podcasts, concert livestreams to artist merch, Amazon Music is innovating at some of the most exciting intersections of music and culture. We offer experiences that serve all listeners with our different tiers of service: Prime members get access to all the music in shuffle mode, and top ad free podcasts, included with their membership; customers can upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited for unlimited, on demand access to 100 million songs, including millions in HD, Ultra HD, and spatial audio; and anyone can listen for free by downloading the Amazon Music app or via Alexa enabled devices. Join us for the opportunity to influence how Amazon Music engages fans, artists, and creators on a global scale. Learn more at https://www.amazon.com/music. In this role, you will contribute to the analytics and insights efforts for paid marketing for Amazon Music. You will develop the analytics roadmap and direction for the project, working closely with marketing stakeholders and other Amazon partners to deliver self service solutions, insights, learning white papers and models to advance our analytics and science offerings. You will also be part of a full stacked team of business intelligence engineers, data engineers, and scientist whom you will be able to collaborate with and learn from. The ideal candidate must be willing to effectively contribute to analytics solutions, prioritize across multiple stakeholders and projects and be ready to jump into a fast paced, dynamic and fun environment. Key job responsibilities Lead analytics and insights efforts for Amazon Music Engagement Marketing domain Work as the internal lead analytics consultant for marketing teams and collaborate on long term strategy together Define and deliver reporting and visualization that supports the analytical needs of internal business leaders Drive self service solutions for senior business stakeholders informing marketing investment decisions Use analytical insights to help increase business and teams effectiveness against key strategic goals Build a thorough understanding of the streaming music industry, the subscription business model, and key internal partners across Prime, Amazon devices, media and entertainment businesses Partner with analytics and science teams across Amazon entertainment and subscription businesses Educate and evangelize across internal teams on analytics, insights and measurement by writing whitepapers and knowledge documentation and delivering learning sessions About The Team The Data, Insights, Science and Optimization, Marketing & Growth (DISCO M&G) team is looking for a Senior Analytics Lead to join a team of Data Scientists, Analytics Leads, Business Intelligence Engineers and Data Engineers who analyze big data, provide analytics and insights as well as build models and algorithms that power “hands off the wheel” (HOTW) marketing for personalized experiences. DISCO M&G team focuses on accelerating Amazon Music customer growth by empowering Marketing & Growth teams to make sound, customer centric decisions through data and insights. We build data pipelines, self service analytics, insights and predictive models enabling acquisition, engagement and retention at scale with personalized customer touchpoints. Basic Qualifications 5+ years of professional or military experience 5+ years of SQL experience Experience programming to extract, transform and clean large (multi TB) data sets Experience with theory and practice of design of experiments and statistical analysis of results Experience with AWS technologies Experience in scripting for automation (e.g. Python) and advanced SQL skills. Experience with theory and practice of information retrieval, data science, machine learning and data mining Preferred Qualifications Experience working directly with business stakeholders to translate between data and business needs Experience managing, analyzing and communicating results to senior leadership Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Los Angeles County applicants: Job duties for this position include: work safely and cooperatively with other employees, supervisors, and staff; adhere to standards of excellence despite stressful conditions; communicate effectively and respectfully with employees, supervisors, and staff to ensure exceptional customer service; and follow all federal, state, and local laws and Company policies. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully with others, exhibit trustworthiness and professionalism, and safeguard business operations and the Company’s reputation. Pursuant to the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how we hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner. Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $117,300/year in our lowest geographic market up to $202,800/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site. Company Amazon.com Services LLC Job ID: A2840891 show less",,"Culver City, CA",Search Engine Marketing (SEM) Lead - Remote with verification,"$117.3K/yr - $202.8K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4086177213/
"Senior Product Manager, Access and Affordability Messaging & Marketing Analytics",Abbott,"Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 114,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries. Working at Abbott At Abbott, You Can Do Work That Matters, Grow, And Learn, Care For Yourself And Family, Be Your True Self And Live a Full Life. You’ll Also Have Access To Career development with an international company where you can grow the career you dream of. Free medical coverage for employees* via the Health Investment Plan (HIP) PPO An excellent retirement savings plan with high employer contribution Tuition reimbursement, the Freedom 2 Save student debt program and FreeU education benefit an affordable and convenient path to getting a bachelor’s degree. A company recognized as a great place to work in dozens of countries around the world and named one of the most admired companies in the world by Fortune. A company that is recognized as one of the best big companies to work for as well as a best place to work for diversity, working mothers, female executives, and scientists. The Opportunity This position works out of our Alameda, CA location in the Diabetes Care division where we are focused on helping people with diabetes manage their health with life changing products that provide accurate data to drive better informed decisions. We’re revolutionizing the way people monitor their glucose levels with our new sensing technology. The Senior Product Manager, Access and Affordability Messaging & Marketing Analytics, is a member of the Patient Support Program team and a critical role within the commercial organization, responsible for developing and implementing cost, coverage and access strategies and tactics for different audiences to support patient access to their HCPs’ prescribed therapy. Candidate must possess strong interpersonal and collaboration skills to effectively engage with US Market Access, Brand Marketing, Field Sales leadership, and more. What You’ll Work On Specific responsibilities include but are not limited to: Define and advance cost & coverage marketing strategy for multi billion dollar brand. Lead the development of access and affordability messaging and promotional materials to communicate access and affordability to HCPs, patients, and health systems. Analyze claims data and identify patterns, trends, and correlations that can help businesses make better decisions. Partner with US Market Access, Sales Leadership, Brand and Payer Solutions to identify access pull through opportunities. Leverage insights generated by cross functional partners to advance market leadership. Proactively identify opportunities for market research, and lead projects to enhance landscape knowledge to drive competitive performance. Lead the development of patient messaging and resources to effectively support patients through access and affordability challenges. Responsible for ensuring all materials and tools are approved and implemented through the MLR process. Understand and anticipate the implication of changing market access dynamics. Required Qualifications Bachelors Degree with at least 4 6 years related experience, with at least one year of experience in marketing or product management, or MBA with 1 3 years of related experience. Product management experience in medical products or services preferred. Strong presentation & communication skills, strategic planning, critical thinking and analysis of market conditions. Preferred Qualifications Bachelors Degree with at least 8 years related experience, with at least two years of experience in marketing or product management, or MBA with 4+ years of related experience. Product management experience in medical products or services preferred. Strong presentation & communication skills, strategic planning, critical thinking and analysis of market conditions. Expertise working with large data sets and generating impactful insights. Experience working in highly cross functional organizations Experience working independently and a track record of taking initiative in dynamic environments Previous experience working with agencies on creation of materials preferred Previous experience in Life Science industries preferred. Previous experience with a focus on Payer Marketing preferred. Must demonstrate the ability to develop materials and tools in accordance with the compliance and guideline boundaries of the customer facing team. Strong project management skills, setting and executing against deadlines and delivering on commitments. Strong communication and presentation skills, ability to mobilize key stakeholders and engage senior leadership. Demonstrated success in maintaining productive/collaborative relationships with internal and external business partners. Excellent negotiation and decision making skills. Proven track record of operating in a fast paced, high energy environment. Enthusiasm and self motivation are essential. Candidate demonstrates a breadth of diverse leadership capabilities including the ability to influence and collaborate with peers and develop and coach others to achieve meaningful outcomes and create business impact. Apply Now Participants who complete a short wellness assessment qualify for FREE coverage in our HIP PPO medical plan. Free coverage applies in the next calendar year. Learn more about our health and wellness benefits, which provide the security to help you and your family live full lives: www.abbottbenefits.com Follow your career aspirations to Abbott for diverse opportunities with a company that can help you build your future and live your best life. Abbott is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to employee diversity. Connect with us at www.abbott.com, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/Abbott and on Twitter @AbbottNews and @AbbottGlobal. The base pay for this position is $128,000.00 – $256,000.00. In specific locations, the pay range may vary from the range posted. show less",,"Alameda, CA",Onsite,"$128K/yr - $256K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4052894050/
Senior Marketing Analytics Manager,Guardant Health AMEA,"Job Description The Senior Marketing Analytics Managers will be responsible for tracking and measuring marketing campaigns within Guardant’s Screening Business Unit. This role focuses on leveraging advanced analytics and insights to measure campaign performance and optimize marketing expenditure. It encompasses HCP marketing (both personnel and non personnel), consumer marketing, and web analytics. This role requires not only a strategic thinker but also hands on experience in marketing analytics. This is a high visibility role, with the individual expected to present findings to marketing leaders, the brand leader, and the CEO. This is an individual contributor role. Design and oversee analysis to assess the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. Collaborate with HCP and consumer marketing teams to generate target lists and segments for both HCP (personnel and non personnel) and consumer promotions. Conduct marketing mix modeling to link marketing campaigns to sales and to evaluate and optimize marketing expenditure across multiple channels, identifying high impact opportunities and improving ROI. Provide strategic insights across key physician focused platforms (e.g., HCP social, endemic and non endemic display) and consumer channels (e.g., consumer social, programmatic display, linear TV, etc.), leveraging data to optimize campaigns. Collaborate with cross functional teams to monitor and measure web analytics using tools like Google Analytics to evaluate our digital performance Design and maintain intuitive dashboards and reports to assess marketing effectiveness, present findings, trends, and actionable insights to marketing leadership and other stakeholders. Support existing A/B tests and design new tests to measure the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. Ensure the accuracy and consistency of marketing data by coordinating with marketing operations, IT, and marketing agencies to establish strong data governance practices. Support the data and tool procurement and ingestion to advance our native marketing tech analytics stack and processes Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in marketing, business, statistics, data science, engineering, analytics or a related field. Minimum of 6 years of prior work experience Proficiency in statistical and visualization tools such as SQL, R, Python, Tableau, and/or Power BI. Proven ability to synthesize complex data sets, create compelling narratives, and offer strategic recommendations to drive business growth. Project management, and interpersonal skills to communicate effectively across all levels of the organization including up to our CEO. Preferred Qualifications Master’s degree in data or field related to the essential duties. Analytics experience (especially in biotech or diagnostics industry) Prior consulting, marketing agency, and / or life sciences background Additional Information Hybrid Work Model: At Guardant Health, we have defined days for in person/onsite collaboration and work from home days for individual focused time. All U.S. employees who live within 50 miles of a Guardant facility will be required to be onsite on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays. We have found aligning our scheduled in office days allows our teams to do the best work and creates the focused thinking time our innovative work requires. At Guardant, our work model has created flexibility for better work life balance while keeping teams connected to advance our science for our patients. The US base salary range for this full time position is $121,000 to $164,000. The range does not include benefits, and if applicable, bonus, commission, or equity. The range displayed reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries across all US locations for the posted role with the exception of any locations specifically referenced below (if any). For positions based in Palo Alto, CA or Redwood City, CA, the base salary range for this full time position is $152,000 to $205,000. The range does not include benefits, and if applicable, bonus, commission, or equity. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including, but not limited to, job related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. If you are selected to move forward, the recruiting team will provide details specific to the factors above. Employee may be required to lift routine office supplies and use office equipment. Majority of the work is performed in a desk/office environment; however, there may be exposure to high noise levels, fumes, and biohazard material in the laboratory environment. Ability to sit for extended periods of time. Guardant Health is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our hiring processes for candidates with disabilities, long term conditions, mental health conditions, or sincerely held religious beliefs. If you need support, please reach out to [email protected] Guardant Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. To learn more about the information collected when you apply for a position at Guardant Health, Inc. and how it is used, please review our Privacy Notice for Job Applicants. Please visit our career page at: http://www.guardanthealth.com/jobs/ show less",,"Palo Alto, CA",Onsite,"$121K/yr - $205K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4093954856/
"SVP of Consumer Insights, Marketing, and Analytics",Macmillan,"Macmillan Publishers is seeking an innovative and results driven SVP of Consumer Insights, Marketing, and Analytics. The ideal candidate will lead our corporate team and collaborate with divisional marketing and corporate support groups to drive our organization’s strategic evolution in consumer engagement, early and rapid reaction to trends, advertising, audience development, and all aspects of data focused performance marketing. The ideal candidate will be adept at harnessing data and automation to develop consumer insights, streamline marketing processes, and increase sales. Their experience with advanced analytics, data science, and technological innovations in marketing will be instrumental in increasing the discoverability of our books and continuing to find new and effective ways to reach our readers. What You'll Do Develop and drive use of a robust analytical framework to anticipate and meet consumer needs, translating complex data insights into actionable marketing strategies that resonate with target audiences. Drive collaboration across the organization to ensure that all imprints have the tools, data and understanding of best practices they need to develop email, social and retail ad campaigns that maximize engagement and drive conversion. Leveraging data analytics and tracking KPIs, you will work with our corporate teams and imprints to continually optimize our strategies and tactics and identify opportunities for improvement. Your deep understanding of social media trends, retail platforms and rapid identification of algorithm changes will enable us to stay ahead of the curve, allowing our marketing teams to make data informed adjustments to our tactics in real time, ensuring the highest engagement and conversion. Develop a deep understanding of our audience segments and communities across the organization, use analytics and tools to develop targeting strategies, tailoring our messaging and campaigns to different reader demographics and interests. Your expertise will ensure that we are not just reaching a wide audience, but the right audience, connecting more deeply with our readers and driving sales. With a deep understanding of online retail environments, especially Amazon, you will guide our marketing teams on optimizing our campaigns and presence on these platforms, leveraging analytics to increase discoverability and conversion. Champion the exploration and adoption of new technologies in digital marketing, including AI driven and programmatic advertising, and automated process to improve scalability, precision, and speed in responding to consumer trends and market opportunities. Ideal Qualifications Minimum of 10 years of experience in a senior marketing/consumer insights role in book publishing, media or adjacent industry with a deep understanding of data driven marketing strategies Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to drive collaboration across functions and influence at all levels within the organization. Proven experience with marketing tools and technologies, including CRMs, digital advertising platforms, social media strategies, and SEO/SEM. Proven focus on understanding the voice of the consumer and developing strategies and tactics with this in mind. Strong vision of and demonstrated experience developing and applying innovative technology and solutions that solve real challenges and harness opportunities to increase reach and ROI. Highly motivated and resourceful individual used to solving problems and bringing together groups to drive change. Ability to investigate new strategies, technologies, and opportunities and then implement and drive use of them across an organization. Strong foundational knowledge of technology, data science, and analytics and the ability to interpret complex data and translate it into clear KPIs and actionable insights. This role will have an annual salary of $190k $240k. Macmillan Publishers is the U.S. trade company that is part of the Holtzbrinck Publishing Group, a large family owned group of media companies headquartered in Stuttgart, Germany. Holtzbrinck Publishing Group's publishing companies include prominent imprints around the world that publish a broad range of award winning books for children and adults in all categories and formats. U.S. publishers include Celadon Books, Farrar, Straus and Giroux, Flatiron Books, Henry Holt & Company, Macmillan Audio, Macmillan Children’s Publishing Group, The St. Martin's Publishing Group, and Tor Publishing Group. In the UK, Australia, India, and South Africa, companies in the Holtzbrinck Publishing Group publish under the Pan Macmillan name. The German publishing company, Holtzbrinck Deutsche Buchverlage, includes among its imprints S. Fischer, Kiepenheuer & Witsch, Rowohlt, and Droemer Knaur. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are actively seeking job applicants who reflect a broad representation of differences, including race, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, physical ability, neurodiversity, age, family status, economic background and status, geographical background and status, and perspective. We believe that the best companies reflect the incredible diversity in viewpoints, backgrounds, and identities of the world in their staffs, and are committed to inclusive hiring across departments and levels. The successful candidate for this position will be an employee of Macmillan Publishing Group, LLC. show less",,"New York, NY",Onsite,"$190K/yr - $240K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4078324930/
"Sr. Director, Scaled Marketing, Analytics, and Operations",Zendesk,"Job Description Job Summary: The Sr. Director of Scaled Marketing, Analytics, and Operations will be a key strategic leader responsible for driving growth through scalable marketing programs, data driven decision making, and operational excellence across the Product Led Growth (PLG) and Online Self Service Business Unit. This role will oversee analytics, operations, and scaled marketing efforts, including Performance Marketing, SEO, Website Optimization, Product, and the Startups Program. As part of the Online Business leadership team, you will play a crucial role in building and scaling programs to drive acquisition, adoption, retention, and expansion. Key Responsibilities Scaled Marketing Strategy & Execution: Develop and execute a scalable marketing strategy focused on automated, data driven campaigns that drive product adoption and lifecycle engagement. Partner with Product, Lifecycle Marketing, and CX teams to design and implement scalable marketing programs that support customer acquisition, onboarding, and expansion across the self service and PLG motions. Oversee scaled programs, including in product messaging, email marketing, webinars, content syndication, and other self service initiatives to ensure a cohesive and impactful customer journey. Collaborate with the Startups team to leverage scaled marketing strategies that support growth and brand affinity in startup segments. Analytics & Insights Lead analytics efforts to provide actionable insights on customer behavior, marketing performance, and product usage to inform strategies for trial, onboarding, adoption, and expansion. Drive performance measurement and reporting across Scaled Marketing, Performance Marketing, SEO, Website Optimization, and Startups Programs to ensure alignment with business goals. Partner with cross functional leaders to ensure that data driven insights inform decisions and processes are optimized for scalability and growth. Build centralized dashboards and reporting tools to provide a holistic view of scaled marketing and PLG activities, ensuring real time insights across customer segments. Operational Excellence Lead end to end operations, including forecasting, reporting, and process improvements to enhance efficiency across scaled marketing and analytics functions. Establish and maintain KPIs and performance metrics to monitor outcomes, track progress, and inform continuous improvements across the customer journey. Oversee optimization of operational processes, ensuring seamless execution of scalable marketing programs and digital marketing efforts. Collaborate with cross functional teams, including Finance, Product, and IT, to drive alignment on priorities and execution across business initiatives. Leadership & Team Development Build and lead a high performing team of analytics, operations, and scaled marketing professionals, fostering a culture of collaboration, innovation, and continuous improvement. Mentor and develop team members to ensure they deliver impactful insights and drive operational improvements. Champion a data driven culture across the organization, empowering teams to make informed decisions that enhance customer experience and business outcomes. Qualifications 10+ years of experience in scaled marketing, analytics, or business operations, with at least 5 years in a senior leadership capacity. Strong expertise in Product Led Growth (PLG), SaaS, and self service models, with a proven track record of driving growth through scalable marketing and operational excellence. Experience leading analytics and operations in scaled marketing environments, including Performance Marketing, SEO, Website Analytics, and in product marketing. Demonstrated ability to drive strategy through data, including building forecasts, identifying trends, and developing actionable insights. Proven success in managing cross functional teams, large scale operations, and complex business processes. Exceptional leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to influence stakeholders at all levels of the organization. Expertise with data and analytics tools, including Tableau, SQL, Salesforce, and other business intelligence platforms. Strong business acumen, analytical mindset, and a focus on delivering results. About Zendesk Zendesk software was built to bring a sense of calm to the chaotic world of customer service. Today we power billions of conversations with brands you know and love. At Zendesk, we believe that great customer experiences should be easy to try, buy, use, and grow with. We’re on a mission to help businesses deliver the best support possible with a focus on simplicity, scalability, and impact. As a global leader in customer support software, we are transforming how businesses engage with their customers. The US annualized base salary range for this position is $211,000.00 $317,000.00. This position may also be eligible for bonus, benefits, or related incentives. While this range reflects the minimum and maximum value for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations, the offer for the successful candidate for this position will be based on job related capabilities, applicable experience, and other factors such as work location. Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only (or OTE for commissions based roles), and do not include bonus, benefits, or related incentives. The Intelligent Heart Of Customer Experience Zendesk software was built to bring a sense of calm to the chaotic world of customer service. Today we power billions of conversations with brands you know and love. Zendesk believes in offering our people a fulfilling and inclusive experience. Our hybrid way of working, enables us to purposefully come together in person, at one of our many Zendesk offices around the world, to connect, collaborate and learn whilst also giving our people the flexibility to work remotely for part of the week. Zendesk is an equal opportunity employer, and we’re proud of our ongoing efforts to foster global diversity, equity, & inclusion in the workplace. Individuals seeking employment and employees at Zendesk are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer. If you are based in the United States and would like more information about your EEO rights under the law, please click here. Zendesk endeavors to make reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities and disabled veterans pursuant to applicable federal and state law. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to submit this application, complete any pre employment testing, or otherwise participate in the employee selection process, please send an e mail to peopleandplaces@zendesk.com with your specific accommodation request. show less",,United States,Remote,"$211K/yr - $317K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4077291092/
"Manager, Marketing Analytics",1Password,"About 1Password We all have important information we need to manage, and protecting it should be easy. Over 150,000 businesses and millions of people log in to 1Password to unlock smart, simple access to everything they care about. Our vision is to create a safer, simpler digital future for everyone, and our culture values simplicity, honesty and a human centric approach to solving problems. Come help us unlock peace of mind so everyone can stay safer online. We are looking for an emerging people leader and a strong analyst and project manager to power the next phase of marketing growth at 1Password. As the Marketing Analytics Manager, you will lead a team of analysts that help our Marketing team understand what is driving lead generation, which Marketing channels are the most efficient and effective, how to optimize the website and marketing touchpoints through A/B tests, etc. Actionable insights generated by this team will shape the experience of our millions of users. We need someone who can think strategically, be an analytics thought partner to the marketing team, are passionate about empowering your team, and have a vision that you make reality. This is a remote opportunity within Canada and the US. You will be expected to be fully remote. What We're Looking For Minimum of 3 4 years directly managing a team of analysts and at least 5 years in a Data Analytics role or related with a preference for experience in a technology/SaaS environment, and an expertise in B2B analytics. Strong leadership skills combined with a hands on approach and ability to guide a team through ambiguity: We are looking for someone who can effectively balance their time between actively participating in analytics projects, proactively identifying and addressing data issues, and nurturing the growth of their team's analytical and leadership capabilities. Compelling communication skills: You are a skilled communicator with a demonstrated ability to influence decisions through communicating technical concepts and complex data and insights to a variety of stakeholders in diverse settings. Project Management experience: You have a demonstrated ability to plan and execute large complex projects with multiple stakeholders. Data infrastructure and modeling knowledge: A solid understanding of data infrastructure and data modeling principles is essential to ensure the accuracy and reliability of analytics processes. Versatile analytics skills: Demonstrated experience in various analytics areas domains with a proven ability to identify customer groups, calculate return on investment (ROI), conduct A/B testing, create insightful dashboards, and analyze customer satisfaction. Proficiency in relevant tools and technologies: Expert level skills in SQL, intermediate proficiency in Python (including libraries like NumPy, Pandas, and Matplotlib), familiarity with Python scripting for automation and data ingestion, and extensive experience with business intelligence tools (particularly Looker, but experience with Tableau, PowerBI, and others is welcome) are expected. Structured and guiding approach: You have experience guiding a team through the entire analytics lifecycle, defining success metrics, crafting analytics plans, and seeing projects through to completion. What You Can Expect A dynamic management position offering tremendous growth opportunities, allowing you to succeed as a leader and shape the future of product development at 1Password. Partner with the Manager of Data Engineering, analytics engineers and Marketing leaders to build a roadmap of projects and deliverables ensuring they are planned in time to meet business needs and take into account any dependencies on other teams. Contribute to shaping our data governance and refining analytics tools at 1Password. We value your unique perspective. Lead by example, inspiring teams to become champions of data driven approaches. Develop your skills as both a people leader and an analytics expert. This role entails regular collaboration with senior leadership, providing a valuable opportunity to learn from our experienced and supportive team. Embrace and contribute to our diverse range of perspectives, ideas, backgrounds, and strengths. Manage the Marketing Analytics staff, providing direction, support, and resources they need to perform and grow. Responsible for the development, engagement, and performance of the team. USA based roles only: The annual base salary for this role is between $155,000 USD and $209,000 USD, plus immediate participation in 1Password's benefits program (health, dental, 401k and many others), utilization of our generous paid time off, an equity grant and, where applicable, participation in our incentive programs. Canada based roles only: The annual base salary for this role is between $133,000 CAD and $181,000 CAD, plus immediate participation in 1Password’s generous benefits program (health, dental, RRSP and many others), utilization of our generous paid time off, an equity grant and, where applicable, participation in our incentive programs. At 1Password, we approach each individual's compensation with a promise of fair market value and internal equity commensurate with experience and specific skill set. We believe in the power of remote work, but we also recognize that in person connection is sometimes important to help us achieve our mission. While we are a remote first company, occasional travel for in person engagement will be a part of this role. Frequency will depend on role and responsibilities, and may include, but is not limited to, annual department wide offsites, team meetings, and customer/industry events. These events will typically be held in varying locations across Canada and the US. What We Offer We believe in working hard, and resting hard. We’re always looking for new ways to support our team members, but here’s a glance at what we currently offer: Health and wellbeing > 👶 Maternity and parental leave top up programs > 👟 Wellness spending account > 🏝 Generous PTO policy > 💖 Company wide wellness days off scheduled throughout the year > 🧠 Wellness Coach membership > 🩺 Comprehensive health coverage Growth and future > 📈 Employee stock option program for all full time employees > 💸 Retirement matching program > 💡 Training budget, 1Password University access, and learning sessions > 🔑 Free 1Password account (and friends and family discount!) Flexibility and community > 🤝 Paid volunteer days > 🌎 Employee led DEIB programs and ERGs and ECGs > 🏠 Fully remote environment > 🏆 Peer to peer recognition through Bonusly You belong here. 1Password is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, diverse and equitable workplace that is built on trust, support and respect. We welcome all individuals and do not discriminate on the basis of gender identity and expression, race, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, marital status, pregnancy, sex, citizenship, education, languages spoken or veteran status. Be yourself, find your people and share the things you love. Accommodation is available upon request at any point during our recruitment process. If you require an accommodation, please speak to your talent acquisition partner or email us at nextbit@agilebits.com and we’ll work to meet your needs. Remote work is a part of our DNA. Given that our company was founded remotely in 2005, we can safely say we're experts at building remote culture. That said, remote work at 1Password does mean working from your home country. If you've got questions or concerns about this, your talent partner would be happy to address them with you. Successful applicants will be required to complete a background check that may consist of prior employment verification, reference checks, education confirmation, criminal background, publicly available social media, credit history, or other information, as permitted by local law. 1Password uses an automated employment decision tool as a part of the recruitment process. See the latest bias audit information . A reasonable accommodation, reasonable alternative selection process, appeal or to exercise your right to opt out of AADM may be requested by emailing nextbit@agilebits.com with subject ""AI accommodation request"". For additional information see our Candidate Privacy Notice . show less",,United States,Remote,"$133K/yr - $209K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3985190904/
Director Marketing Analytics,Universal Audio,"Department: Marketing Location: Remote* Travel: This role will require travel 6+ times per year to UA HQ (Scotts Valley, CA.) International Talent: Unfortunately, at this time we are unable to consider candidates who reside outside of the United States. The Director of Marketing Analytics will lead our marketing analytics efforts and be crucial in driving data driven decision making across the marketing organization. This leadership role will be responsible for developing and implementing a comprehensive marketing analytics strategy, building and managing a high performing team and delivering actionable insights that inform and optimize marketing efforts. Responsibilities Work in partnership with key functions and senior marketing leadership to support marketing goals with appropriate analysis (including metrics, reports, analysis, summaries, conclusions, and recommendations) Lead and manage a team of marketing analysts, providing coaching, and mentorship, and fostering a culture of testing and continuous learning and development. Develop and implement a comprehensive marketing analytics strategy aligned with overall business objectives, focusing on key performance indicators (KPIs) and return on investment (ROI) measurement. Design and execute marketing analytics frameworks and processes to capture, analyze, and interpret data from various marketing channels and sources Translate complex data into actionable insights and compelling narratives for both technical and non technical audiences. Collaborate with cross functional teams—product management, data engineering, and digital—to identify business opportunities and enhance data models, tools, and infrastructure. Identify and implement new methodologies to improve data collection, analysis, and reporting capabilities. Stay up to date on the latest marketing analytics trends, tools, and best practices, and continuously seek opportunities to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of marketing programs. Champion data driven decision making across the organization and foster a culture of data driven marketing. Qualifications Proven track record of leading and managing a team of marketing analysts. Strong understanding of marketing analytics methodologies, including data collection, analysis, and visualization. Experience with marketing attribution modeling and marketing mix modeling. Experience with subscription/SaaS analytics is required. Proficiency in SQL and marketing analytics and visualization tools, such as Google Analytics, Heap Analytics, Tableau, and Mar Tech platforms. Excellent communication, presentation, and storytelling skills, with the ability to translate complex data into clear and concise insights for diverse audiences. Strong analytical and problem solving skills with a data driven mindset. Collaborative and results oriented with a strong work ethic and the ability to manage multiple priorities effectively. Education/Experience A bachelor’s degree in marketing, Statistics, Business, or a relevant field of study and/or equivalent work experience is required. MBA, master’s degree preferred. 10+ years of experience in marketing analytics, marketing research, or a related field. UA Salary Range/Hourly Rate of Pay: California Salary Range = $160K $190K Base salary/hourly rate of pay will be based on the cost of labor for the city/state in which the new hire resides, at the time of hire. UA offers competitive benefits: Profit sharing, Medical/Dental/Vision, 401K Safe Harbor Contribution, Stock Options, Flexible time off (PTO/Sick Leave/Company Holiday Time off), etc. UA Mission: We exist to thrill and inspire music makers everywhere with timeless sound and impeccable craftsmanship, freeing the songs inside and allowing you to sound like the records you love. UA Vision: In the future, music makers around the world will trust Universal Audio as a friend and creative partner, inspiring them to craft amazing records as naturally as playing their first instrument or singing their favorite song. The best home, project, and professional studios will feature most of the UA equipment from floor to ceiling — ranging from audio interfaces and guitar gear to microphones and software — all of it working together to deliver unrivaled sonics and operational symphony. Our customers will eagerly await each new UA product like a hit record or blockbuster movie, trusting that it may spark them to create the best music of their lives. In doing so, UA will become revered worldwide as the way that music is made. Universal Audio is an equal employment opportunity employer. Our policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, mental or physical disability, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. UA also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on these protected categories. show less",,"Domestic, IN",Remote,"$160K/yr - $190K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4083231641/
Senior Marketing Analytics Manager,Guardant Health,"Company Description Guardant Health is a leading precision oncology company focused on helping conquer cancer globally through use of its proprietary tests, vast data sets and advanced analytics. The Guardant Health oncology platform leverages capabilities to drive commercial adoption, improve patient clinical outcomes and lower healthcare costs across all stages of the cancer care continuum. Guardant Health has commercially launched Guardant360®, Guardant360 CDx, Guardant360 TissueNext™, Guardant360 Response™, and GuardantOMNI® tests for advanced stage cancer patients, and Guardant Reveal™ for early stage cancer patients. The Guardant Health screening portfolio, including the Shield™ test, aims to address the needs of individuals eligible for cancer screening. Job Description The Senior Marketing Analytics Managers will be responsible for tracking and measuring marketing campaigns within Guardant’s Screening Business Unit. This role focuses on leveraging advanced analytics and insights to measure campaign performance and optimize marketing expenditure. It encompasses HCP marketing (both personnel and non personnel), consumer marketing, and web analytics. This role requires not only a strategic thinker but also hands on experience in marketing analytics. This is a high visibility role, with the individual expected to present findings to marketing leaders, the brand leader, and the CEO. This is an individual contributor role. Design and oversee analysis to assess the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. Collaborate with HCP and consumer marketing teams to generate target lists and segments for both HCP (personnel and non personnel) and consumer promotions. Conduct marketing mix modeling to link marketing campaigns to sales and to evaluate and optimize marketing expenditure across multiple channels, identifying high impact opportunities and improving ROI. Provide strategic insights across key physician focused platforms (e.g., HCP social, endemic and non endemic display) and consumer channels (e.g., consumer social, programmatic display, linear TV, etc.), leveraging data to optimize campaigns. Collaborate with cross functional teams to monitor and measure web analytics using tools like Google Analytics to evaluate our digital performance Design and maintain intuitive dashboards and reports to assess marketing effectiveness, present findings, trends, and actionable insights to marketing leadership and other stakeholders. Support existing A/B tests and design new tests to measure the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. Ensure the accuracy and consistency of marketing data by coordinating with marketing operations, IT, and marketing agencies to establish strong data governance practices. Support the data and tool procurement and ingestion to advance our native marketing tech analytics stack and processes Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in marketing, business, statistics, data science, engineering, analytics or a related field. Minimum of 6 years of prior work experience Proficiency in statistical and visualization tools such as SQL, R, Python, Tableau, and/or Power BI. Proven ability to synthesize complex data sets, create compelling narratives, and offer strategic recommendations to drive business growth. Project management, and interpersonal skills to communicate effectively across all levels of the organization including up to our CEO. Preferred Qualifications: Master’s degree in data or field related to the essential duties. Analytics experience (especially in biotech or diagnostics industry) Prior consulting, marketing agency, and / or life sciences background Additional Information Hybrid Work Model: At Guardant Health, we have defined days for in person/onsite collaboration and work from home days for individual focused time. All U.S. employees who live within 50 miles of a Guardant facility will be required to be onsite on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays. We have found aligning our scheduled in office days allows our teams to do the best work and creates the focused thinking time our innovative work requires. At Guardant, our work model has created flexibility for better work life balance while keeping teams connected to advance our science for our patients. The US base salary range for this full time position is $121,000 to $164,000. The range does not include benefits, and if applicable, bonus, commission, or equity. The range displayed reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries across all US locations for the posted role with the exception of any locations specifically referenced below (if any). For positions based in Palo Alto, CA or Redwood City, CA, the base salary range for this full time position is $152,000 to $205,000. The range does not include benefits, and if applicable, bonus, commission, or equity. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including, but not limited to, job related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. If you are selected to move forward, the recruiting team will provide details specific to the factors above. Employee may be required to lift routine office supplies and use office equipment. Majority of the work is performed in a desk/office environment; however, there may be exposure to high noise levels, fumes, and biohazard material in the laboratory environment. Ability to sit for extended periods of time. Guardant Health is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our hiring processes for candidates with disabilities, long term conditions, mental health conditions, or sincerely held religious beliefs. If you need support, please reach out to Peopleteam@guardanthealth.com Guardant Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. To learn more about the information collected when you apply for a position at Guardant Health, Inc. and how it is used, please review our Privacy Notice for Job Applicants. Please visit our career page at: http://www.guardanthealth.com/jobs/ show less",,"Palo Alto, CA",Remote,"$121K/yr - $205K/yr
Matches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 175000.",https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4092634100/
